An inspiration in all aspects: Fashion, fitness, beauty and personality. :)KISSES TheFashionIcon
Apka Apna Awam Ka Channel Frankline Tv Aam Admi Production Please Visit Or Likes  Share :)Fb Page :...
Beautiful album from  the greatest unsung guitar genius of our time - and I've met the great backstage
Good luck to Rich riding for great project in this Sunday. Can you donate?
Omg he... kissed... him crying with joy
happy anniv ming and papi!!!!! love love happy
thanks happy
C'mon Tweeps, Join  vote for the singer! Do spread the word. :D
Thanks for the great review! smile
Yay another art raffle! Everything you need to know is in the picture :D
Hello I hope you visit Luxor its amazing city in Egypt pleas check
We got a Vive tracker in the office and our intern, went to work.Don't get too excited, this isn't
Take a look at favourites.io You can do this and more happy
Go back to school for music! I think I will in time happy
Sixth spot not applicable Team! Higher pa! :)KISSES TheFashionIcon
thanks for being top influencers in my community last week happy
Share the love: thanks for being top new followers this week happy  Want this?
retweet this tweet if you want your to be included in the nhc scrapbook!! i'll be making something out of all of the usern
Happy 420 happy  pass it to your followers!
Who wants some good vibes? Watch this on YouTube or TV100 application now for FREE happy
Great to work with you too such a lovely place! Thank you for havin
Nothing is ever as it seems. What looks bad today, will be a blessing tomorrow happy  Keep your faith stirred up each day!
Mmmmmmmm love naughty wives smile
You deserve a vacation happy
Never known how hard it is until last to  days how to resist temptation to enter politics debates on social media happy  stood firm so far
Some summer salad inspiration for the BBQ smile
Hey thanks for being top new followers this week! Much appreciated happy  Want this ?
you should post this offer on this website happy
thanks for being top new followers - have a great week happy
I prefer it to sharm - enjoy it happy  Gouna 20km away is also quite nice - honestly anywhere away from crazy cairo is
Sixth spot not applicable Team! Higher pa! :)KISSES TheFashionIcon
Hey thanks for being top new followers this week! Much appreciated happy
thanks for the recent follow. Much appreciated happy
Thanks Lala.. Much needed happy
Thanks for connecting We are passionate about  - hope you like our tweets happy
hey, keep smiling happy
Said it yesterday... happy
We love that our bloggers love us so much happy  Thank you for such an amazing review The Perfect Glasses h
only way to make sense of those crazy edge cases is the idea of sharing revenue was offensive, rather
Gentle reminder on our TP guidelines happy  please read and spread. Thank you. happy KISSES TheFashionIcon
keep being you, cheeky :D
smile  So true. For someone who was being recognised for her contribution to fashion, she might have dressed a bit better.
sounds like a lot of fun :D I like it
Oh, Jin was spotted at Everland today. Nice to see them having a break after the US tour happy
There was nothing religious in it. is calling out sexism. I don't think I need to spell out my stand
Go back to school for music! I think I will in time happy
Theres only one thing I want to change about you . Your Last Name happy  ALDUBOnly
welcome brother  happy
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday.
SONE who cant stream at Genie!You CAN stream for TY at Genie! We are still sharing some Genie IDs. If you want it, DM us happy  S
Spending time with dogs or other animals is great at helping you to relax and de-stress. Great idea happy
My new video for happy  I hope you like ithappy
Got This interview poppin happy  $$$$$
Love your tweetability! We'd like to reach out to with an opportunity! Could you hit us with your email happy
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday.
uss, I'll DM you half naked pictures happy
Evet happy
Well, I hope it doesn't last too long and you at least get to enjoy the weekend. And happy birthday again happy
Excited about event next week in Bangalore!  come happy
Want to win a pet chick happy  Simply follow  retweet for your chance to win! Winners will be selected Sunday 23rd. Go
Top retweeters this week, Thank you happy
dope!! that's a cool word. finally down with the hip young millenial memers smile
2nd Cousin Vlad !!!!! maybe thats a message from the Hockey G
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday. (Want this?
Earlier happy
Just win at weekend and it will be a late gift, ok? :D
we finally got jinyoung to wipe it for jaebum himself but their precious son blocks it for the world to witness it
Here is question 18! Make sure to use in all your tweets  replies happy
And this credit also goes to Ik happy
My other accounts:them both or get rekt! :D
Hey thanks for being top new followers this week! Much appreciated happy
Les videre happy
clauditte
my friend is such an egg
congratulations David! Well done Mrs V! Welcome Jessica! happy
have you tried these new hacks?! **TRYING DUMB LIFE HACKS 17**
Keep tweeting team. Higher! Thank you for the efforts. :)KISSES TheFashionIcon
here are some very happy boys to brighten up your day happy
A huge thank you to all the within the Social Work  Care Sectors! Keep up the great work happy
Lunchtime with Flinthook! This game has so much personality :D
Ministers of PMLN are happy like those students who never studied for exams  luckily exams got delayed. They'll still ha
:D When mom is a bit tired
What we did after the climax shot happy
Miss Petite happy Thursday happy   looking forward to the weekend?
rt  quote with your name for a calligraphy of it happy  i'll try my best to make it pretty!! non mutuals/mutuals (ifb) fl
mutual: let's talk more!me: for sure!mutual:  happy  me:
I got TH will add sim ant as a possible thanks happy
If you want a friend in Washington, get a dog. :D
Congrats Winner :D and it's Eyounji you did well my girl
Did you notice? There is no killings of RSS / BJP workers in another Southern State? CM is dismantling Xtian infra in Munnar?
Hi please rt my pinned post happy
The video will definitely be a 30 minute episode if not longer.
I would love to win these gorgeous nail polishes :D! Aren't they cute
Jae celebrating with Sheena Easton after the triumphant opening night of 42nd Street in the West End! happy
Happy belated birthday :)Another duet of you and Amaal is much needed
Your titties are fantastic. Kissy Kissy
Pls RT[NCT FIC] Love Song
Goodevening happy
Ministers of PMLN are happy like those students who never studied for exams  luckily exams got delayed. They'll still ha
Thanks for the retweets this week. Much appreciated happy   Want this
=Thumbnail UHC= This is my best render ever :Dand Favs are appreciated brosOpinios ?
Thanks again for notifying us! We have updated our add-on plans accordingly happy
Very cool! happy  surrounds you for a full recovery.
A nice morning working from today. Lovely atmosphere, friendly service, wifi, comforting London fog.
I just did happy
Have a great day everyone happy
Kiera's Quest: Awakenings (Kiera's Quest  Book 1)
Have you voted for The Wolf's Bite on Greenlight yet? happy  help us get Wolfie  Pigs on Steam!
Go back to school for music! I think I will in time happy
Here is a new thesis by another genius.Sir, we loved to have reply by you. :D Now get lost .
your birthday isn't for another for hours for me, but happy birthday hoe! have a good day, i love you i guess happy
Its hard to see your best friend with another girl happy
The offer still going happy
If you can't be there for someone at their worst then you don't deserve to be there at their best :)KISSES TheFashionIcon
Demit the gocoh game is real crying with joy
Found use for the sewable LED holder happy
Select from 14 award-winning Laura Taylor romance ebooks
So excited for the things coming in the future happy  things are going great
you guys are entertaining and insightful... and one of the reasons i have been really enjoying LPL a lot more this season :D
Thats how it sounds like at superbooth happy
i want to learn the choreo but my ugly body says no crying with joy
Share the love you're top engaged community members this week! Much Appreciated happy
Hi Kylie, looking forward to you visiting! You've picked a great day too, the sun is shining happy
Ok. Just please read the replies on this....
THIS RIGHT HERE.aren't you happy you don't have [x]???NO. BECAUSE I'M STILL HERE IN THIS 'CONDITION' WITH NO I
To all FLA members and officers who are going to Cebu tomorrow silence  Godbless piss off mga ante and angkol!  happy
for every like ill post an answer smile
Maybe not a band but we can definitely collab! Hi my name is Philip  happy
LEGO_Group: LegoThursdays JokerSquad_SWG LEGOLANDWindsor Sounds like you had lots of fun! happy
a friend who would like a BRAND NEW Strapback hats only 14.99 at
yes you had smile
mata_tytan: almightyTANNER: good evening everyone happy  join our twitter party tonight. official tagline:TANN
First attempts of bird photography. :-)Passer domesticus. How surprising. wink
People who don%27t know me always think I am quiet. People who do know me. wish I was :)KISSES TheFashionIcon
Love you too P!
RT: good evening everyone happy  join our twitter party tonight. official tagline:TANNER WelcomeBackPH TMI
oh yes happy
Hey Robert Rolih thanks for the follow! What does coastal living mean to you? Reply with photo :D
Have you ever been to AUSTRALIA! :D Love your vids. Lovo on youtube :D
OPENING UP TO YOU LOT!RT LIKES WOULD BE LAAAAAVERLY :D .xxENJOY
In other words they never missed articles happy
IF THE BELOW TWEET HITS 1000 IS GETTING RIAN HOLDING THE STICKER TOO!!! Click the below tweet  SM
Bill Nye Answers Science Questions From Twitter | WIRED
How are you doing today? happy
We're ready for our next fire lighting session at - we have a few keen early birds here already smile
Go Kisses!!...  I know you can do it..
If this gets 70rts I will giveaway 5 minecraft accounts and an origin account randomly to people who retw
Hi Mr. Yen! Will you be doing any signings in New York some day? Your a great role model happy
it's just a cut during one of my kitchen experiments happy
Wow i just made a JS compressor that actually checks scoped variables existing. Turns out i have a few issues happy  Linters may be useful happy
This week Marilyn pops by and get's down and dirty  happy  Cum see!
loool i'm mad avoid me today :D
You're welcome Thomas happy  Kim
 Look at this happy
He didn't play for a year, so I'm super impressed he's got his musical mojo back! Thank you so much happy
Watch this MayWard Fam!
I was thinking the same. Our i know is so cute happy
SONE who cant stream at Genie!You CAN stream for TY at Genie! We are still sharing some Genie IDs. If you want it, DM us happy  S
Mythbuster/20 happy
Aha it's okay  she's going to be on Rough Night happy
Company photoshoot with our fabulous photographer happy  Look at this determination (concrete shoes) to get
Perfect, this worked out beautifully. If you redesign the import page to suit the whole application would mak
Hey, have a great day today happy
Come volunteer at The Abbeydale Picture House! Next Wednesday...
Should have had Farnell Fursday isn%27t it happy  all meet up at Tax and Pounds happy
Here's one of my rolls of 'Poundland' film! (A store that sells all products at 140.) And here's the DX d
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday.
thanks :D
Love them! Can I get some? smile
OPENING UP TO YOU LOT!RT LIKES WOULD BE LAAAAAVERLY :D .xxENJOY
Spending my night talking to my beloved ???Perfect.I LOVE YOU MAN! happy
.Is the winner of the donation giveaway, answer this with yoyour steam trade link and ill send you right away :D
for the recent follow. Much appreciated happy  Want this?
I think I'm probably beyond repair by the sounds of tea etiquette happy
.- layout- btob happy
i am if you're still looking for one happy
Sydney tomorrow, Byron in 3 weeks, Hobart in 7 weeks. Lots to look forward to happy
I hit that, new job starts in to  weeks! :D
Why do people on the internet have to be such asses annoyance  Here's some positivity for you. I love your art!!! :D It's so pretty!!
The best community gathering coming up! We're full, but here's how you can be a part of this happy
mutual: let's talk more!me: for sure!mutual:  happy  me:
Happy birthday Megan happy
Just wandering around, popping into a store, owner told me about it (as in article) smile
Did you see this one? happy  Transitional Piece // Chiffon Dress
Sixth spot not applicable Team! Higher pa! :)KISSES TheFashionIcon
Thank you crew happy
a little video i made for the love of my life,, minute yoongi~watch 'til the end for a free cookie happy
Just let is know when you'd like one happy
you know what i really love about you lot?not only do you support me in the comments, you also support each other! AN
I just did happy
hey, keep smiling happy
Nothing could be better happy
so inspiring crying with joy
instant message fine yoo, thank you happy
What a day! What better way to spend this sunny day than drinks by the shore happy
I suppose they are waiting for you happy
Aww hating that I got sponsored, how childish of you Commando happy
Definitely wasn't what I was looking for :/ But gave it a try anyway happy
The one with backward cap, please! :D| KenBie
blessing your first day of April happy
Helloo :D  (keep_smiling_y)
my contribution to ( posted on my tumblr a while ago crying with joy  )
Happy Birthday in Chopin style - Piano Improvisation
Yes, the problem is only affecting webmail itself. Accessing email from other applications works fine happy  ^mkl
He's the best happy
where are you now? happy
Enter to win 1 of to  boxes of highly anticipated books! 6 books in each box! Open INT happy
Congratulation my world happy
Helloo :D Mr Drippy (CallMeErgan)
good crying with joy  i love you so much
Wow awesome GOG! thanks happy
Does anybody out there need any motion design or animation help?  If so I am available happy
YES!!! Neil Gaiman for life! :D
As the last event for chapter 1, we've invited 24 people to propose visions of the future. Jom happy
Exaseetly what's happening in TN Politisees. This is not to get BJP at all to TN. Game is different. Again, you'll be see
i don%27t know doesnt seem fair to me..two against one happy
Helloo :D Braids! (keyrazygirl15)
Thank you mama bear! Ang ganda mo happy
Okay, now I'm really out. happy
Helloo :D Kesh (MzKeshNJ)
As in most used. Stats don't care about motivation happy
kind of jealous with you all laughs but it's ny fault for not working hard happy
Appreciate your recent retweets Have a great Thursday happy
SHOULD I STAY ? SHOULD I GO ? NOBODY KNOWS happy
Helloo :D Mack. (Macktimus)
LADIES!  - tell me why yoyoyou don't play golf. What wyoyoyoud make yoyoyou want to play? Top 3 reasons yoyoyou DO play? heyjyoyoyoude66info
Thanks for the this week, much appreciated happy
Nearly done now! Thanks everyone for joining and hope to see you same time next Thursday happy
Oh that feel when you have 10 gems :D
Helloo :D chammy (shamirakay)
Good luck to Rich riding for great project in this Sunday. Can you donate?
You too my friend. smile
RT: almightyTANNER: good evening everyone happy  join our twitter party tonight. official tagline:TANNER WelcomeB
Amazing stuff!!! Thansk for this happy  Birth Control - Gamma Ray (1972)
Noted on this Sir, The bus from Bangsar heading to Awan Besar. Have a Good Day happy
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday. Want this
Helloo :D Best damn avocado (Batsyy_)
lets agree she put her brain on knees crying with joy
Wish you were here smile
Everyone from getting punched :D
i welcome you to germany then. i have no authority to welcome you in the other countries though! happy
better be oldschool crying with joy  RS3 equals  aids 3
Nothing could be better happy
PLEASE THIS BEAUTIFUL PRINCESS HAVE YOUR HELP, Give a little for her happy
always running out of space on my phone, thank you kpop crying with joy
One by one Allah ease my problem . Lot of thanks to Him crying with joy
thank you for sharing happy
Nothing could be better happy
Hopefully it should be OK happy  Charts don't look too bad at moment but depends on tides  directions, Keep
soon :' I need you so much crying with joy  {} I need you kaswa :'
Only laksa can make me okaay now crying with joy  I need laksa
Helloo :D car fox  (ror925)
Thanks for connecting We are passionate about  - hope you like our tweets happy
mutual: let's talk more!me: for sure!mutual:  happy  me:
Who wants some good vibes? Watch this on YouTube or TV100 application now for FREE happy
Tara, Hi, all! I'm Roy Dahildahil, co-founder of and I'll be moderating tonights tweetchat. happy
SONE who cant stream at Genie!You CAN stream for TY at Genie! We are still sharing some Genie IDs. If you want it, DM us happy  S
Enjoy happy
Happy Thursday loves!! happy
Good Morning Peady, you need a direct coffee feed to Starbucks happy
You better check this out
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday. Want this
Ummm announced a new show in Buffalo! He should ask to be an opener! happy
The world is so big. Too big for our problems and worries to take over our world. There is much to smile for happy
Friday after the conference some of us will go for dinner to favourite smile
Follow  to a Saga diary and a year's worth of Saga pens :)TCs
Im done trying to take men seriously happy
for being top High Value Members this week happy
okay happy
little fans. - happy
Here's the full art for both Glyph Keeper and his mummy token. For those interested they will be hitting ebay tonig
Seokjinie went to Everland today~ I guess he forgot that he's an idol, which is good for him happy
Welcome happy
i wasn't saying i read a book today, i was telling you to read a book today. knowledge is power. knowledge is growth. kee
in game you move him to camera happy
Veronice and Jughead! happy
oh my god it's raining where i live too crying with joy  AND STOP OMG I WANNA CUDDLE HIM NOW
Hehe take care Andy friend happy
vocal coach IG post:
Hold off the frowns until you've used the new application - which is made by the same team! happy
I love it when Ben sleeps in because I get to watch all the programmes I want on Netflix without interruption !!!! happy
Thanks happy
Nothing could be better happy
Thank you crew happy
Someone asked me Hows life? I just smiled and replied, Shes fine :)KISSES TheFashionIcon
Yeaaaah! Alpha Invitation well received happy
Good luck Swampy happy
What to do when you are feeling bad - buy a new book and get engrossed into a new world happy
in may go away happy
April is really really bloody. I'm so proud of our boys crying with joy
Have you smiled today? Never forget to smile happy
Then and now happy
Gott happy
Nothing could be better happy
There you guys. Read it for once at least. crying with joy
I hope Louis gets all the off time that he wants and comes back fresh and happy happy
Yes we can do that! happy
Famfrit with and people happy
But, er, sloths are great? So it's a good un-unthinkable picture? Have I dug mysel
Thanks much appreciated happy  The magic of
On our way home happy  happy si Noah sa skyranch
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday. Want this
This is why I made the video about improving your line work on YouTube, when you have to do things like this happy
Client work for rt and favorite happy
Everything is a choice happy
Awesome! makes a good nurse maid, huh? happy
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday.
Thanks for being top engaged community members this week happy  - Try this too
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday.
Funny happy
1st day of JA Entertainment's Marathi Film Savita Damodar Paranjpe Have been a big fan of this story. Finally get
Its been a good day hey. happy
mutual: let's talk more!me: for sure!mutual:  happy  me:
Surround yourself with positivity happy
Still live!
And GST is the brain child of our Modiji happy  Perfect!
She also makes some of the most beautiful art (my biggest inspo) All for sale if anyone is interested happy
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday. Want this
Thanks for up-voting us on PH happy
good, that might have cost you $3 a month!!!!   happy
Great to see you buddy nicest dude in the world. Keep killing it brother happy
i have bronchitis i love that happy
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday.  Want this
20% off all Knight  Day Jewellery ends this Sunday-Why not pick up something nice for
The Bank Job, coming soon to a screen near you.
157 days to go happy
going to go meet andrew for lunch now but i'll be back at to  or to :30, i'm upstairs to the right happy
We're you also at our signing session with Qian Liu  Jared Wright after the last performance of Onegin? Share your
Happy birthday, Bram Stoker. Can't wait to show you in bronze soon. happy
Not in the tweet I ve meant the article itself happy
i send people bunny pics, let me know if you're up for that happy
Thanks for being top engaged community members this week happy  (Want this ?
If you're an aspiring developer in or near Krakw this is an excellent opportunity. They even pay their interns happy
Thankfully I didn't have to chop it myself, arrived on the back of a little tipper lorry smile
Prepare to be inspired! happy
Ready Now! One 9 week old chocolate female puppy from Harlowe x Sterling! happy  This girl is a sweetheart and has a...
Again as I said I do see your concerns. But I assure you sir that Hinduism will stay Dharma and will no
This is just super Can't wait happy
Notice anything unusual? Happy birthday to the lovely Frooty! happy
Rose come to him! He's really your enthusiast :-D using SO MUCH not SO MAY!  :-)~~~
Thanks for the follow happy  If we can help your business in anyway please get in touch
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday.
.a scan for your tumblr happy
New Upcoming Heroes REVEALED! WUKONG, DRAGON  MORE! OMG :D
This never happened with our happy
Awesome recommendation Jess! Listened to the
thanks b happy
Congratulations, you've got the message happy
That's kaki no tane and it's amazing! Foyound a place here in Germany where you can import it! :D
No breaks and a first practice exam happy
made dinner for two tonight happy
Share the love you're top engaged community members this week! Much Appreciated happy
You know exactly what I'm talking about happy
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday.  Want this ?
Shihaaaa help me on my bishie hunttt equals  ^ equals )
Puzzle Pieces [64]rt and like for the next please :){20 rts, 30 likes?} hehe
dropped you a follow on Twitch happy
So many cool games and updates release today. happy
isn't it terrible that we live in a world where we have to address anticipated criticism of our thoughts first? happy
that I said , chaged for the best for our Singto. Please, cheer up the new administrator team. happy
Seems you like my black lingerie picture then happy
Thanks for being top engaged community members this week happy   Want this
Good morning! I hope you slept well~ happy
This never happened with our happy
A lot of games this month? :D
me everything and anything these days
how do we book the cars service for the swards tommorow :D
Thanks for your feedback! It' just the starting phase, there will be more figures happy
Can I pop in a request for assassin shower gel? happy
mutual: let's talk more!me: for sure!mutual:  happy  me:
Looking forward to this. Come out to see us! Our booth is going to be right in the center of the field. happy
thanks a lot, will check it happy
Well this was fun. Thanks for stopping by and giving me shit tonight fellas  :D much love. FeelsGoodMan
You kills me crying with joy
see the next tweet! I did about 5 different things while keeping very calm, can list them if you want happy
thanks for the recent follow, much appreciated happy   Want this ?
How people write a joke on religion online.*Joke**Just joking guys, no offence :)** Don't want to hurt anyone. All i
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday.  Want this
Not yet! Maybe this year happy
Hey thanks for being my top new followers this week! Much appreciated happy   Want this ?
Jack and Finn Harries crying with joy
I don't think you'd understand how much a stream would mean happy  even if it is very make-do, it would be awesome.
No stress Mariana
Beetle done and joins Wall-E, the Mini and the Campervan happy
Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers happy  via
why i didnt save it happy  going to re-color again the
Share the love: thanks for being top new followers this week happy
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday. Want it
I considered asking where that came from. :D
Thanks by has  notice of me Greetings : JossetteD'Hermanni
thanks for the recent follow. Much appreciated happy  (Want this for It's Magical!
Thank you so much my friend smile  xx
Worship me and spoil me happy
Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers happy  via
Superstar thanks so much for the kind words! Look forward to seeing you soon buddy smile
New second home coming soon! :D
I used to like my neighbours, until they put a password on their Wi-Fi :)KISSES TheFashionIcon
you still syoure ? :D
thanks for the recent follow. Much appreciated happy   Want this ?
hi cham, any updates about the batch 1 of army bomb v2? happy
Do happy we are at 27 million keep it up happy  and we are at 71 million we are so close to have another 100m
Just photoblogged! happy  Re-using old locations
mutual: let's talk more!me: for sure!mutual:  happy  me:
NEW VIDEO!Stream Montage - we finally unboxed a Spectrum Knife :)Hope you like it! here:
minah starts crying because of the fans and yura  hyeri make her laugh to cheer her up.. I can't crying with joy
Stats for the week have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers happy  via
ready for 420 happy
FAT ASS GIRL FAT FETISH760 HOT VIDEOS ONLINE
thanks for the recent follow. Much appreciated happy  - I sent this with
And he said it silence  in Morgan Freeman's voice happy
Thank you happy
If you eat your steak well done please unfollow me happy
Hows the quintly trial happy  ?
This is what life is about. Enjoy happy
Stats for the week have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers happy  via
lips though
Exaseetly what's happening in TN Politisees. This is not to get BJP at all to TN. Game is different. Again, you'll be see
Our crazy EASTER! Our donkey is insane! Seriously crazy haha!
Morning. Coffee time happy
thanks for the recent follow. Much appreciated happy  Want this ?
thanks for the recent follow. Much appreciated happy  Want this
we would love to have you as a guest on podcast sometime!!! Only 15 minute smile  interested???
KissWard tagline:tweet with us Pans :)NoOneCanSTOP KissWard
Thank you crew happy
I love my six pack so much, I protect it with a layer of fat :)KISSES TheFashionIcon
Share the love: thanks for being top new followers this week happy
Share the love - High Value Members of this week happy
If looks could kill......... smile
Or the station didn't check. happy  Surely some combination of 0xx-xxx-x938 or 0xx-9
Nothing moves faster than a girl untagging herself from an ugly picture :)KISSES TheFashionIcon
You too. smile
This is great happy
Happy 10th Wedding Anniversary Aishwarya Rai-Abhishek Bachchan happy
Swanmen setting up! Pablo is waiting for more news to happen happy
Thanks for up-voting us on PH happy
Hiii. . Gentleman Commander (Bryannousaurus) happy
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday.
Joo okay happy
Close up of the animation 3I will post the second part soon! happy
We don%27t spam him in any way, we just reply to his tweets?? Like all his other followers do.....This is pointless,
thanks for the recent follow. Much appreciated happy   Want this ?
Hiii. . Reece (ReeceBoast) happy
Alaye give me iphone7 or dollars for my birthdayDo normal abeg
thanks for the recent follow. Much appreciated happy  Get it
Superstar thanks so much for the kind words! Look forward to seeing you soon buddy smile
Naeem Bokhari says... Mian has gone !! are so cute NB happy  But NS is ugly evil.
that's insane! good luck for that! I took it off yesterday afternoon. :D
Have I told you lately that olive juice? :D
 Updated the text for my video intro by drawing it with the line tool in Paint Tool Sai. happy
- Thanks for being top engaged community members this week happy   Grow your followers with
.Thanks happy
I hate people who steal my ideas, before I think of them :)KISSES TheFashionIcon
I've been given a Custom Console Bundle to giveaway! happy  this tweet  be following me to enter! Ends
And give one to every student and myswlf happy
Don't mention it! :D
Episode two now crying with joy
I'm surprised you don't use an Adblocker! happy
I just wanted to say thank you for following me, I really appreciate it. Hope you have a brilliant day happy
Happy 4/20 :)I'm drug free  I've never smoked weed before.
mutual: let's talk more!me: for sure!mutual:  happy  me:
blocked by christensen.another notch on the belt. happy
Just over 91% in favour of the unelectable Jeremy Corbyn happy
Best advice on Blogging. happy
Teaser coming out today at 4pm!Story, music and direction by of my favourites by
aw BCC is having a PRIDE prom and i kind of want to go happy
If school has taught us anything, its texting without looking :)KISSES TheFashionIcon
good morning messages never fail to make me smile happy
thanks for the recent follow. Much appreciated happy  Want this
SAP did you also use
Shoutout to for the donation. Looks like I'm streaming some Stanley Parable later happy
unfollowing bye happy
thank you for 2k likes on my banner project happy
Hi :D Retweet for a follow!!!
? News ? :D
When your efforts pay off... happy
no pressure happy
HAPPY BDAY MIDAWGDARNIZLLE  i love you a long time happy  thanks for being my best friend forever and attempting to travel on the road
Fri or Thu? I'm going to the Friday showing :D
I was thinking about how I don't want to go to school and I'm suddenkyfeeling good happy
no i don%27t :))
tonight 7pm
A Treaty could provide security/ tech for culture development happy
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday. Get it
more goodies spotted! :D
Another great day out in Westhoughton, delivering the Conservative message of strong  stable leadership. happy
morning happy
I had that down south and had no issues, going to see what's about and speak to people that live near to me and see what they use happy
I've been trying to bank sleep all week happy  I doubt I'll be able to sleep Friday or Saturday night,
i understand....i do silly shit like that to make my friends smile happy
Well, I guess it's a good thing then to bring it right to the foreground and put it right in their face
thanks for the recent follow. Much appreciated happy   Want this
you know what i think? you look exceptional for a new Mum, my tum is still like that 20yrs on. happy
Who is the Prime Minster of Pakistan ? Nawaz Sharif Hahahahah happy  SorryUncle
Sure is happy
Agreed! I feel like I've skipped too many css/design fundamentals. I'm spending the next couple of
Hey thanks for being top new followers this week! Much appreciated happy
It will be at random on twitch happy
Good morning every one, Order what ever you want to eat through our website.May you all have a great day happy
thanks for the recent follow. Much appreciated happy  Get this
That would be a great trick happy
OMG I'M SO HAPPY!!  new video about ma bigbang babies happy
happy birthday ! happy  hope you have a good one
because you are one happy
Totoo po? Waaahhh may heart!!! Heart everywhere happy  love it
Good morning every one, Order what ever you want to eat through our website.May you all have a great day happy
Thank you so much sir happy  please watch the film and call me happy
thanks! happy
happy  Me too I hope
they are real subs and here's the link for the video happy
Opening sentences of happy
rt for 50 ffs-rt pinned tweet!!-be patient -legiiiiiiit-no saved accounts happy
Thanks for being top engaged community members this week happy  Want this ?
Jem did the Dark Star Orianna splash with assistance from Alex! :D She's done lots of splash updates, check her AS:
Gippy Grewal  will be online on Twitter at 3 PM, just type and ask anything you like happy  aa jao for
Hi guys! :)We're looking for to  bartenders/mixologists to work with us at an upcoming event. DM us
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday.
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday.
Physics will have 80 formulas to memorize Ha.ha.ha happy
i'm grateful to my mom for giving birth to me and not abort me crying with joy
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday.
You nailed it!!!!! Brought tears to my eyes, i got goosebumps , beautiful set ,  the perfect dress,  and totally of
Ah awesome! Pixel art stuff by any chance? happy
Share the love you're top engaged community members this week! Much Appreciated happy
Please, please! Watch the AFL Anzac Game on Tuesday! It's a VERY big tradition here and you'll love the sport! happy
Another day! Good morning!! It's April 20, 2017 at 07:00AM!! kamusta? don't forget to eat your breakfast guys! happy
yess crying with joy
Home run !!!! And yes Charlie is at the game happy
You say VUCA, I say TUNA happy
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday. (Want this? It's FREE!
where ? happy
Good morning every one, Order what ever you want to eat through our website.May you all have a great day happy
HAPPY 16th BIRTHDAY TO MY BFF! I may only be 15 and a half but I'll have you to take me places happy  have a great birt
thank you happy
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday.  Want this
Good morning every one, Order what ever you want to eat through our website.May you all have a great day happy
Nice, congratulations to both of you. happy
I had all and then most of you, some and now none of you crying with joy
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday. Want this ?
Here's me being brutally respectable in a suit... enjoy happy  contrast so you appreciate mo
If you're a CHAMPION, let me know!  :-)(I'M A CHAMPION!!!!!)Elder Lenore A. ArtisMinistries...
Great songs happy  Who are your favourtie member? x
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  (Want this? It's FREE!
Charge to experience muna happy
Superstar thanks so much for the kind words! Look forward to seeing you soon buddy smile
.Thanks so much for the RT, and have yourself a groovy Thursday!  happy
Stats for the day have arrived. to  new followers and NO unfollowers happy  via
In Melbourne please happy
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday. Get it
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday.
That would be a great trick happy
i have a goal today happy  i%27m going to accomplish it
Kids versus Legends crying with joy
happy birthday nimesh!!! happy
good morning, Mike. Blessings to you. happy
Thank you happy
FACIALS happy
I'll keep you awake happy
Hello everyone, have a great Thursday! Looking forward to reading your tweets happy  Want this ?
if josie, val and reggie had more screentime riverdale wouldn't be half as bad as it is happy
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday. Want this
National BitBucket Unfriending Day to save $2 smile
Share the love: thanks for being top new followers this week happy
mutual: let's talk more!me: for sure!mutual:  happy  me:
Hi Carlo! I'm okay nmn. Howdy? happy
Those chibis though!!' :D
no I'm waiting for jail break happy
rt for 13 ffs-it's not much but they're free-legit-free but follow me first to get them quicker-be patient i will g
Hi Guys, have a great Thursday! Looking forward to reading your tweets happy  (Want this? It's FREE!
You too man happy
A Chub bun because its Easter! Happy Easter!  His name is Almond! :D
to  pork pies happy
A Chub bun because its Easter! Happy Easter!  His name is Almond! :D
Thank you so much smile
Your generous support is an integral part of my  happy  Thank you for the like!!
there we go again smile
Naeem Bokhari says... Mian has gone !! are so cute NB happy  But NS is ugly evil.
Thanks for being top engaged community members this week happy  - I sent this with
ABC News got ahold of me and asked if they could use a few seconds of my coming out video for a transgender special this f
Thanks for sharing happy
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday. Want it
i'm still in my bedroom and scared of going out happy
amazing work :D
thanks for the recent follow, much appreciated happy  Want it
Hi ! I want to speak to you about a business partnership. happy
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday.
Thank you so much Willow! You helped me ring in the birthday with that amazing stream last night :D
Another great song  Have a listen. Its good! You may well like it happy
Follow him happy
A7atein Because One 'A7a' Just Isn't Enough ({}) :D
tats! I have question happy
Another great song  Have a listen. Its good! You may well like it happy
Ooh, can't wait for those revealing qa's. happy
From soup and sandwiches to slow cooked pork, our lovely lunch menu is sure to please! smile
Awww yeah :D
What a sad life it must be, getting 70k, and still not being rich - try getting a life, instead of just money, I'd say :D
Hello everyone, have a great Thursday! Looking forward to reading your tweets happy  Want this
Happy birthday  have a good day happy
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday.
Hey, you can get a professional one here
That would be a great trick happy
That's why I say at the end of my videos If you liked it, give it a Like happy  it's all about choice! :D
THANK YOU happy
IF YOU ARE READING THIS I HOPE SOMETHING GREAT HAPPENS smile
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday.
Rt for an indirect from and me happy
Client work for rt and favorite happy
Do you want me to follow you back? If you do this tweet and I will. happy  only
And the website is down since long happy
friendly reminder that you can enjoy a movie or television show without having to trash another happy
With the help of made these sent starters for P1Q3. Open to suggestions on how to improve happy
Hello 1372 followers - thank you so much for following! Will love to read your Tweets happy   Want this ?
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday.
Thanks for being top engaged community members this week happy  Want this?
Happy 420 everyone happy
HAPPY BIRTHDAY  To the cyoutest/fyounniest   a d you l t   I know :')Have a good day Coreo Boreo
congrats! :D
Mmmm... the blood of my enemies... happy
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday.  Want this ?
I know  vearey moving. and TWISTY! And you aaree are
Tell us about happy
Share the love: thanks for being top new followers this week happy  Want it
Seokjinie went to Everland today~ I guess he forgot that he's an idol, which is good for him happy
a beautiful day happy
Congrats on your :D
SONE who cant stream at Genie!You CAN stream for TY at Genie! We are still sharing some Genie IDs. If you want it, DM us happy  S
25x25? I can go first happy
TICKETS AVAILABLE NOW for The 401 Festival of Running 2017, find out more and sign up at
So Happy It's Thursday*, or SHIT for short :)*Thanks to my friend maddy over at
I'm on a road with no destination . I'm just driving with a hope to find some place I like and stay there,I'm not lost
Thanks for the retweets this week. Much appreciated happy   Want this? It's FREE!
First happy
Good luck happy
Update: I got in :D
Thanks smile  much better today and thanks for the message.
My real time happy
Many thanks, Anne! happy
i wasn't saying i read a book today, i was telling you to read a book today. knowledge is power. knowledge is growth. kee
lolo bin are you fucking mental screenshot :D HAHA
What texts are you doing? happy   I've got the same issue!
Hey thanks for being top new followers this week! Much appreciated happy
Hi Han, if you follow and DM us we will be able to assist you. Chris happy
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday.  Want this ?
This was awesome--  has two fill-ins this week happy
Maayos didn%27t ang lahat happy  lets give him a space and time happy
Did you notice? There is no killings of RSS / BJP workers in another Southern State? CM is dismantling Xtian infra in Munnar?
TypingCure, class hall missions and heroic dungeons surprised  :D
Surround yourself with positivity happy
pretty happy
On moral grounds this verdict is in favor of PTI happy  becoz to  out of 5 judges clearly mention that our PM is...
AVI for my man :)Phone made like always wink
Share the love: thanks for being top new followers this week happy
tonight 7pm
Playoffs rematch complete!  Feels good going to worlds again :D
Im getting one too smile  smile  smile  smile
Spose you don't have to pay for accomodation which is nice haha? Or are you going to stay somewhere anyway? happy
A little bit overdramatic death happy
This is great to hear Joanna! happy  We're so pleased you've had a good experience.
I think I'm going to check out Even though I hear it's not as good as UE4 I believe it might be cool to tr
Here is the link for Seventeen's Yokohama Concert with English subs :)DDL:
thanks, I can't wait to actually see a copy smile
Thank you crew happy
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday. Want it
Sup guys? :D
Facts About Parrots in Minecraft coming soon!! :D
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday.
made dinner for two tonight happy
Same happy  I'll see closer to the con but it's no more than five or so. Lol same :D
The tutorial of Michel Grundstein Distinguishing Information from Knowledge..  will start at 15pm. Be here happy
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday.
I look good in blue happy
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday.
Jyoust a reminder... thank you for this happy
Your body hears everything your mind says. Be kind, positive and loving always happy
Ruby was rehomed for times before she was for months old  now loves her forever home. Pls always consider rescue when
3 little ones.. wish you the best happy  sounds like a fun group
Naila Raheem is now following me on Twitter!
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday.  Want this ?
Stats for the week have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers happy  via
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday. Get this
I love it when pretty girls call me pretty like bitch tf you too happy  let's be friends
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday.  Get FREE?
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday.
Thanks for the follow! happy
EVERY time I think that my skin is getting better, it just proves me wrong in a matter of days happy  fuck my life happy ))
Can you PM me ? :D
I had but I have just seen the email. SO GOOD :D
Released my 3rd episode of programming for everyone! Be sure to check it out happy
i think instant message meant to stay single and fix people's relationships my entire life smile
we will be never ready actually happy  idhuellam dialogue ku dhan othu varum..
Yes, this is the main reason I drink Total selflessness :D
Yep I'm going back to school to become an editor hopefully. Can't wait! Your sister really believes in my skills happy
Thanks for being top engaged community members this week happy  Want this
Currently standing outside the shard with a bag full of empty bottles because I came to work with tom today happy
Good evening happy
Goals of 2017: Become apart of with and Lose 50 LBSStart Youtube happy
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday. Want this
Thank you crew happy
Mummy, look how big I've become!
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday.
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday.
I second that! Thanks for the spin. Very much appreciated. happy
Make them feel that you are there to listen to their problems, and mag refer kana rin sakanila nice game
That would be a great trick happy
Wow, this looks awesome! Id love to see a VN like this :D
Morning, Jamie. Passion + perseverance equals  two of the not-so-secret ingredients in the secret sauce of success happy
Hi KN fans! happy
We bought a 523 litre fridge. I am applying for cold storage license in Bhayander West :D
Thanks for being top engaged community members this week happy  Want this
for my 2000th tweet i'd like to say i love donghyuck :D
I'm a Japanese Directioner :D
Remember- vocab knowledge is worth 75% of your grade! Will announce winner tomorrow morning at 10am! happy  15 to purchase! happy
good luck! You have my vote smile
19 days of school left happy
Will you do before and after pictures? I always enjoy your swanky hair happy
In class and I'm really bored so why not happy  Rt for one!! Mutuals  non mutuals Pls don't let me flop ;-;
GIVING AWAY ALL THESE SOUVENIRS TO 5 LUCKY WINNERS!To Enter: Follow + RTRolling winners in 48 hold on
Watch your words happy
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday.  Want this ?
Nice gif happy
Share the love:thanks for being top new followers this week happy   Want this
But I think you'll do better than me happy
Indeed, and I suspect you will be one of the few who would get it happy
One of our fleet is solely seeharged by domestisee hydro  Toro see
for trade ? happy  what yeah want ?
Get this to 150!!
New twitter acc. happy
Share the love - High Value Members of this week happy  (insight by
Soon I'll make arts happy
That would be a great trick happy
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday.
.NOTHING CHANGED BUT THE DATE .. APRIL 28 MAKE S
Delma Hanville It's official we are connected on Twitter! Thank you for the follow. Please don't ever Let It Go! happy
13 Reasons Why producers: we care about youth mental health :)13RW producers: *show young audience graphic rape and suicide s
fun and funny.... this book will warn up your kindle at night happy
And that's what's important! happy  that's what I'm trying to remember.
Congrats for 3M followers on Instagram! happy
Gourmet chocolates are special and should be reserved for special occasions. Plain MMs, not being spe
Sixth spot not applicable Team! Higher pa! :)KISSES TheFashionIcon
Can you guys make the Japanese Greninja's and Waveguider come as well? happy
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday.
thanks for the recent follow, much appreciated happy   Want this
Sister cyril came to our school once happy
Join us this Saturday to celebrate our Earth by planting seedings! Head to our FB page for more information. happy
we finally got jinyoung to wipe it for jaebum himself but their precious son blocks it for the world to witness it
i love him crying with joy
kind of like my layout happy
New twitter account piss off no idea MAJA SALVADOR is Follow not applicable guys happy
thanks for the recent follow, much appreciated happy  (Want this for It's Magical!
Congratulations very impressive happy
Client work for rt and favorite happy
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday.  Want this
Did you go all the way to Keem? Have you been up Minaun? That's a good one if you are into extreme driving today smile
I really must go see Power Rangers again. smile
Maybe I do, maybe I don't, who knows :D
Broadcaster says Fly Away reminds him of early happy
Great night! Hope you enjoyed the strip club after happy  Thx for photo
Right I seriously need a decent Butterfly Tattoo design, if anyone has got a design or could find me one I would be so grateful to you :D
thanks for the recent follow. Much appreciated happy   Want this ?
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday.
Good evening happy
i always knew you woyould like this one better :D hahaha.
Sure do! happy
 yes it would have if it hadn't been for those meddling clouds smile
Gamer Follow Train!Follow MeRetweet thisFollow all who retweetedGain active followers happy  450
Thanks for sharing my iris photo. I really appreciate it smile
rt for 13 ffs-it's not much but they're free-legit-free but follow me first to get them quicker-be patient i will g
Myth is a good Team, but Genix deserves so much more than Myth! Open your Eyes The Community want
Hellooo.. happy  satans-daughter (taylynnox)
mutual: let's talk more!me: for sure!mutual:  happy  me:
Hellooo.. happy  Lil strait (Daddyy_rat)
Are you also attractive to Liza Soberano? happy
Pfft- crying with joy  Oh.. I hope year oldu're okay, papa bird? I hope year oldu don't mind? Because I want to stay with year old
Hellooo.. happy  Kyle Davies (RebelByACause)
opera Nirjhor As long as they are not claiming to be the first one :D /Rosi
will miss it but I'm on an open education seminar in Palestine happy
Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers happy  via
Wow! My friend Dara shared this from her hubby!!! He looks TERRIFIC. :)Order YOURS here -
Annapurna studios production no.29 on floors tomorrow. In this heat we are going to turn on the heat happy  can't expre
will there be a new amazingphil video today? happy
Veronice and Jughead! happy
Cpl Swallows just gone over the house. Heard them whilst flying my drone.. happy
Who wants some good vibes? Watch this on YouTube or TV100 application now for FREE happy
We've 80 so far in our collection of 150+! happy  New gin menu coming soon as well!
That would be a great trick happy
i don%27t know he looks so cool crying with joy
Hellooo.. happy  pussy (creepz_x)
on Snapchat happy
enjoy smile  h.e.r.
rt if you hate me crying with joy
Die evil raven! :D
Never give up on the things that make you smile happy
Stats for the day have arrived. 1 new follower and NO unfollowers happy  via
Haha thanks fansnim! happy
i took a full drink into my uber; i guess you could say instant message pretty wild. These are the Tuesdays we'll never forget happy
It's a very cute picture though :D
Play your part in raising funds for :
Ohh yeah and we had sausage with our pancakes happy  x
especially for people who have low patience level happy
online shopping timmeee. anyone got good site suggestions? happy
Not really I am a Labour supporter and am actually quite glad happy  I mean how much did he claim in 2009 fuck off
Issa Throwback. happy
Ouuuuu..... right in the jewels! :D
your an inspiration to everyone Miss Jones happy
Feeling myself, got on my favorite boot cut jeans and roshe runs. No girl is safe today. Have a blessed 4/20 all smile
Uncheck new arrivals happy
AVI for my man :)Phone made like always wink
Hellooo happy  Ross Chaplin  (MasonCooper4)
I write fiction. Some PR knob who writes sentence fragments on an iPad next to the Shoreditch House piss off
Love this!
instant message perfectly fine :D how about you fellow ken
the displayport to HDMI turned up so we back on to  screens o/ 5 days to get the dual PC stream setup sorted (lol) :D
pips singing let it snow crying with joy
Let me eat that cake! :D :P
Nah  over-rated happy  x
You may draw your conclusions from any deviation from that level either in the direction of therapy or prevention
Does not matter, as long as she's cool, I'll like her happy
Teaser coming out today at 4pm!Story, music and direction by of my favourites by
Hey everyone me and Harry have just had pancakes and maple syrup for breakfast . Great way to start the day happy  Miss you a
Cheers :D
thanks for the recent follow. Much appreciated happy  Want this
Thanks for sharing my iris photo. I really appreciate it smile
Hey thanks for being top High Value Members of last week, have a great
I'm sorry but people have to  make a living happy
I check Beautiful News every single day, It really is uplifting and inspiring, plus I want to win that Merc C63 silence  Sooo! happy
please let me meet taehyung hiks crying with joy  really hope i could win.This is my first cover
year old i am commenting on all the new ladylike videos. trust me. not a troll, just me killin time to say hey! :D
celebrate Hitler's birthday! =D
Just delivered my Managing the Online Customer Journey keynote at the Autodesk Partner Event. Incredible event
There're time we shcj do/did something that dissapointed ot6,there're time shinhwa do/did something,well..human. That's all i
new video out today happy
Merry Christmas everyone happy
big love for Anne cox happy
Just a new happy
Hellooo happy  Jackatkinson (jackat13)
thanks for the recent follow. Much appreciated happy  Get it
thanks for the recent follow, much appreciated happy   Want this
Thanks for having me!! :D
Hellooo happy  Xbox adHatter (XboxMadHatter)
is the RockSoc still going? I was there at the beginning smile
wow whattay decision both parties celebrating :D
Free market is tops!!! Real human rights sound great to me, thanks for your articles. B
Hahaa I'm second best always happy
Hellooo happy  KT Bear (FFABear)
Superstar thanks so much for the kind words! Look forward to seeing you soon buddy smile
yes... kind of funny and creepy at the same time  happy
Ministers of PMLN are happy like those students who never studied for exams  luckily exams got delayed. They'll still ha
If you can send me a DM with your postcode I can check a few of your local stores. Look forward to your reply happy  - Nathan 2/2
Petronas blue/green isnt that far away from Billy Monger blue/green.  Just a thought happy
I have tested all sweet dishes but they are not as sweet as my lovers lips :)MARVOREE MagpasikatOnShowtime
Ma de tonight i don%27t really care crying with joy
Had a fun welcome back to taping! first day for happy  Mainit. Pawisan. Dirty. I really miss this
Oh you American cultists :D
Hi Stefan :)I am pretty confident this is isolated case and I would be glad to help with it.Could you DM me
Hellooo happy  PixelSavage (Pixel_Savage_Yo)
I feel that way about life and is what gets me through everyday in a positive mood! happy
Your life is a reflection of the way you think. If you change the way you think, you change your whole life happy
More kid/parent friendly spaces like this please.
That would be a great trick happy
Va astept la acest eveniment! :)Next events:
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday.
.listen to this beautiful video of her si
mutual: let's talk more!me: for sure!mutual:  happy  me:
happy birthday crying with joy  yoyour so so cool and i hope yoyour day goes super good
Hellooo happy  CJAY (CJAY_100)
Thats sooooooooooooo sick!!!! xD Thanks so much for making it Kin!! I love it! :D
That would be a great trick happy
I think I've finally figured out the tattoo I'm getting in August :D
So excited for ball to start smile    my baby is in minor B and I absolutely love watching them play
Playing with the photo editor happy
Thank you! happy
Hellooo happy  Bluey (xBlueys)
I love you so much Rui-chan smile  smile
Hellooo happy  Xbox adHatter (XboxMadHatter)
Mine isn't.  They back Jeremy 100% I'm pleased to say happy
I dedicate this song to
Thanks brother ,stay cool ,keep loving Deepika ,ban ja hero :D
Made new logotypes for Really fun to work on  You should follow if you want to keep yourself updated
Shut up, you don't ever have to thank me J hunt, I'll always be there. Love you happy
Dispo 3LANs happy
laughing out loud so cuteee happy
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday.  Want this ?
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday.
That would be a great trick happy
Sir Ash Ketchum and Princess May. happy
this guy got me into exo back in 2013. he was also my very first bias in kpop. to be honest i miss him so much. happy birthd
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday.
Hi Yolandi, thanks so much for following us! We'd love to know what you think of our flooring range happy
That's the law of nature happy
thanks happy
Get your Own Rover :Dthey are Double Sided! check it out shipping: worldwide!
Prettier 1.0 is not the end. I just released 1.2.0 that fixes another batch of edge cases happy
thanks for the recent follow. Much appreciated happy  Want this?
.Thanks so much for the RT, and have yourself a groovy Thursday!  happy
your always welcome thank you sa treat sa susunod ako happy
These are for  happy
Slayin_Bodies Going Live...Please Tune In...Thank You happy
Made my day! Great story happy
i will do happy
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday.
Maybe? Definitely! happy  Also, try the front door, it may be open happy
thanks for the follow, have a great week!! happy
haha! i would love to work for a train company :D be a great dream come true!
Dumbing down of popular entertainment is an important issue.
Hey thanks for being top new followers this week! Much appreciated happy
i swear sometimes it's cool to break some mutuals happy
........Yeah sure happy
Go to Five Below. You can get a decent protective case that's cute for 5 bucks happy  it's where I got mi
Hey thanks for being top new followers this week! Much appreciated happy   Want this ?
Thanks for being High Value Member  this week, Much appreciated happy
I love laying in a meadow of flowers listening to Mellow's music ...a great way to relax smile
not going to burst more data crying with joy
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday. Want this
thanks for the recent follow. Much appreciated happy   Want this ?
I say keep with it. happy
In case you missed it, I released a new video about game genres.RTs are super appreciated happy
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday.
Dude, this freaking chapter of One Piece!! It's definitely a good one! :D
Who wants some good vibes? Watch this on YouTube or TV100 application now for FREE happy
No worries happy
Nitpicking, I know. happy
and the hype is real happy
FL design Done by me  Inspired from FL  Hopyou you all love it
Bambam talks the most tonight :D
my favorite hobby is finding the negative in a positive thing happy
Hey thanks for being top new followers this week! Much appreciated happy   Want this ?
Ah, sorry about that. You can always ask us to follow you so you can DM you happy
after that I was charged because of the driver happy  after waiting in the sun for 10 minutes! TEN!
to WIN draw for free download of for Celebrate with us. Developed by for
true
They pinched him on a free? His quality on FM smile
CSGOBOUNTY GIVEAWAY - 1 random KEY. 25 RETWEETS, random winner :D Retweet AND LIKE to be able to win happy
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Wednesday.
You are welcome happy
This makes a great point, I really liked  happy
Superstar thanks so much for the kind words! Look forward to seeing you soon buddy smile
Can you do that when player kills you. Then the player rank would show up. happy
True! U can waste a day in social media and reading websites. On the other hand, idea of saying No to almo
i love him so much i want to kindly stroke his penis :D
Thanks, i'll give it a try happy
I would say quite a lot...but hey, that's Europe, rather than the UK, isn't it? smile  Britain co
YO THANK YOU FOR OVER 15,515 SUBSCRIBERS!!!! :DTHE CONTINUES!
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday. Want it
Last retweet about happy
Hello everyone, have a great Thursday! Looking forward to reading your tweets happy   Want this
apr. 26th beach house! dinner+music+ party with oldies goldies happy  buffet / BBQ 40TLbeer-  wein10TL raki12.5TL h
We've been selected among the top 20 Social Media blogs, woot! smile
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday.
I wanted $25 million and they were only offering 24. smile
Give away Random RT! for a chance to win a 10USD iTunes or GP gift card! Winner will be selected in a few minutes happy
Share the love: thanks for being top new followers this week happy  Get it
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday.  Get FREE?
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday.  Want this
Thanks for being top engaged community members this week happy  (Want this? It's FREE!
What a beauty he scored the other night!! Hope we get him too happy
And you were there happy
haha! Very good tweet mate happy  heard your a big boy account! The King shit happensould we say happy  any chance of a shit happens
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday. Want this?
I appreciate the sentiment but I couldn't do that. happy
Younger. Softer. crying with joy
Happy many days, months and years of bonding and happiness  family MCLISSE StarMu
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday.
I'm happy   happy
Yes! With subtitles only happy
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Wednesday. Want this
co
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday. Get it
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday.
thank you! happy
That would be a great trick happy
thanks for the recent follow. Much appreciated happy   Want this ?
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday. Want it
[bot] i'm not perfect happy
Retweet if you are with us? Kaway kaway family :)MCLISSE StarMusicIfWeFallinLove
We have a few breweries in the UK too.... smile
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday. Want this?
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday.
I've had it since December  my hairs stopped snapping off! It's made a massive difference! Get the
Be happy, love happy
That would be a great trick happy
Do It Like It's Legal sweaters  ..More designs available at
Great groove to this tune by and .. Thinking in Rewind
Mrs King is excited to work with students today! Check out this cool classroom shape! Lots of math in here happy
$ES_F $SPY  Bulls are just relentless  happy   Some setups I like today
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday.
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday.  Want this
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday. Want this
you know that the problem still exist :D
Thanks for the recent follow Happy to connect happy  have a great Thursday. Get this
- top engaged members this week happy
ngam to  weeks left for cadet pilot exam crying with joy
Great! You're welcome Josh happy  ^Adam
Sixth spot not applicable Team! Higher pa! :)KISSES TheFashionIcon
The tweets are a mix of personal and professional messages
Pak PM survives removal scare, but court orders further probe into corruption charge. 
Supreme Court quashes criminal complaint against cricketer for allegedly depicting himself as on magazine cover.
Art of Living's fights back over Yamuna floodplain damage, livid. 
FCRA slap on NGO for lobbying...But was it doing so as part of govt campaign? 
Why doctors, pharma companies are opposing names on 
Why a bicycle and not a CM asked. His officer learnt ground reality -- and  a dip in a river. 
It's 2017. making law to ban And MHA is sitting on draft. 
Rivals govts unite to act against sex-determination tests. 
Haryana peasants demand justice for right to cattle trade. 
Why schools in Calcutta (and elsewhere) are stunned by imposition plan. 
Why renamed places in 
Oooh! the shame, the trauma... of driving without the red, flashing light. (And paying for parking). 
Now have to learn to live without that flashing red light. 
BJP leaders in the dock, lose their light, naming game, and more. Also in epaper. 
UK Parliament votes by 522 to 13 in favour of early national 
April 19 1906: Nobel Laureate Pierre Curie was run over by a horse-drawn wagon near the Pont Neuf, Paris, and killed 
India to end culture of sirens on cars. 
From May 1, only on vehicles: Gadkari.
No from now on cars of PM, ministers: transport minister Nitin Gadkari after Cabinet meet. 
44 feared killed as bus falls into River Tons in Nerwa area of district: police. 
BSF dismisses Constable Tej Bahadur Yadav from service after a court of inquiry. Bad quality food allegations were base
jawan Tej Bahadur Yadav, who took to social media complaining of bad food, dismissed from service after inquiry.
U.S. to review lifting of sanctions on Iran: Tillerson 
Huge haul of milk-boosting hormone in Calcutta. 
Good news from it seems are thriving at Valmiki reserve. 
In Sushil Modi lists property chain. 
3 queens take centrestage. 
A peek into FIR against leaders in case. 
Spurned by mom, this baby at Calcutta has died. 
India may make it illegal for social messaging platforms to share personal data. 
Why extradition could take ages. 
March 20. Plus 15 days. Equals...
KP Nayar on why discrediting military justice system will not help case. 
Sharad wants Gujarat CM arrested for trying to push making meat a communal issue.  
Man shouts at wife in family court. And walks out. 
Overburdened says it may not be able to hold for college teachers this year. 
President backs move to make mandatory up to Class X. 
Nationalist trend spreads-- tightens rules to shield local jobs (and keep out Indians). 
Visa 'selfie' by CBSE's plans, blessing, cloud over and more. Also in epaper. 
Scotland Yard arrests in London, but court grants him bail. 
Liquor baron declared a proclaimed offender, on extradition warrant: Scotland Yard.
British Prime Minister Theresa May says she wants to hold early election on June 8: Reuters, quoting BBC 
Supreme Court seeks govt's response on a plea to frame national policy to promote and 
JK: Schools  colleges shut down after clashes, demands Presidential rule 
Beetle from grips litchi crop in 
Supreme Court asks govt to explain why need pre-censorship.  
US NSA H.R. to arrive in today; to hold talks with NSA 
Why you should shun water at beaches. 
Having lost Kerala bypoll, won't have to keep its promise of 'good quality 
So, is -- and not to blame for stipend crisis faced by 4000 scholars? 
The middleman (or conman) nephew tapped to bribe election commission officials. 
Can  Air India enforce fines on unruly passengers for 
Top law advisor backs use of human shield, but some veteran generals see breach. 
Arrest of a conman and bribe charges against nephew churns politics. 
How cloaked debate in Draupadi's robes. 
Draupadi and campuses in erupt, politics, and more. Also in epaper. 
CBI books 12 leaders in case. 
Supreme Court summons boss, orders sale of slice. 
SC summons Home Secretaries of West Bengal, UP, Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, Bihar  Jharkhand for nice try filling police vacancie
Manini Chatterjee on why writings are still an indictment of India. 
Why wants paper trail in elections. 
Govt to set up panel to study service conditions of paramilitary forces. 
Amit Roy on an potboiler.  
Muslim body lays down code of conduct during divorce, but won't ban 
Modi's call to ensure justice for women facing evil customs.  
PM's pitch for sisters, board's stand on an potboiler. And more. Also in epaper. 
Why the always meets this man when he visits eastern India. 
Secessionists in and the next generation. 
In 7Days: secessionists, tete-a-tete with a former president, a dying language, and more. 
Farooq Abdullah wins seat -- with just 4% of total votes. 
No govt probe yet into video on by army. 
As learns to follow rules, funds for poor students dry up. 
From panchayat to Parliament seems to be boss Amit Shah's goal. 
Why the PM may hang out, but you should not. 
A PM who hangs out, lotus garden dreams, cash lock on JNU students and more. Also in epaper. 
7 coaches of Meerut-Lucknow Rajya Rani Express derail near Rampur, Uttar Pradesh VIDEO: 
Counting of votes for to Lok Sabha constituency begins.
What Calcutta is doing to get mom to accept her calf. 
To stress dress code, Mecca issues picture cards. 
Security on border put at risk by trade. 
With national body meeting, readies stage for 2019. 
6 features of extended stay in 
BSP boss is not averse to joining forces with non-BJP parties. 
Army under fire after alleged tactic in  
The untold love story of and Ayesha Mukherjee. 
Vile tactic in Valley, a love story, a giraffe spurns its calf, Gandhi  Champaran, and more. Also in epaper. 
Man seen tied to army jeep in video from JK identified, while the unit involved was PTI, quoting officials
3 arrested in connection with of men on polling day in Budgam on April 9: Police.
Hijacked Indian Dhow Al-Kausar released 
Good show by pales next to 329% jump in imports. 
Transparency in Looking for India's ranking? Start at the bottom. 
How to stop (and loot) a express with just a coin. 
States rename roads to duck ban on but top court won't step in till after summer break. 
Research seats at hit again as regulator tightens rules for guides. 
How lost its deposit in Rajouri Garden stronghold. 
In Bengal Trinamool vote share goes up, but surges to runner-up slot. 
3 men die trying to save friend from on  
What results mean for others. 
Half full, half empty for cloud over research, breather for highway booze, and more. Also in epaper. 
Setting up court at home, Justice asks Chief Justice of India, bench to appear before him. 
Dargah Trust volunteers in SC to clear in 908sq metre.
President clears for pieces of supporting legislation related to 
By-polls: retains Kanthi Dakshin, retains assembly seat 
7% voter turnout in Kashmir's re-poll 
All you need to know about Election Commission's 'open challenge' to hack 
Foreign journalists in North Korea gather for 'big event' amid tensions 
Rehearsing for and more. In our Guwahati epaper. 
Cops dug out these to  healers who were buried alive for practising 
Bihar sets Rs25lakh fee for who skip after subsidised education. 
A visit to retracing trip. 
Why may not show in 
Did the Supreme Court chicken out while deciding on 
How (but not failed govt's birthplace test. 
10 years, Rs 42 crore needed to repair damage to floodplain from event. 
Try hacking India's Election Commission challenges all. 
never wanted cows to become  a burden on farmers, Pawar points out. 
Bounty on Savarkar on Yamuna damage bill, Sita's birthplace, and more. Also in epaper. 
20 IAS officers in including Principal Secretary Information Navneet Sehgal, transferred in 1st major shuffle by 
Centre moves against Supreme Court verdict lifting shield. 
Crusader pleads for saving 
Sangh puts up show of strength in 
India, to look beyond defence during visit. 
Murder of Pune activist fuels fears against revived UPA clause in law. 
In few tears for father of 3 killed by stones. 
Sukanta Chaudhuri on and what it means for Indian 
scraps pension yojana. Cycle tracks may also be broken, say sources
Subir Bhaumik on why in should worry Calcutta, Guwahati. 
Even benchmark for pro-poor leader seems to be 
How had offered India consular access to 
Pak terms for access, model for Modi, activist is killed, and more. Also in epaper. 
Defence Partnership 
Preliminary enquiry by against Health Minister for alleged money laundering.
Menu at dinner: praise for And more praise. 
Why body will not pull up either or 
Chain of wrong drugs. No senior doctor to check. Then death. All this at Delhi.  
What to  men said when cops found carcass in car boot... 
How bypoll was put off-- on ruling combine's request. 
Admission of defeat in Kashmir, tougher road laws, Leander and Mahesh get away, and more. Also in epaper. 
PM and Australian PM at Temple 
Pak court sentences to death for spying. 
Lok Sabha adjourned for 3rd time till 1.50pm as Opposition uproar over leader Tarun Vijay's remarks continues. 
Cong forced to  adjournments in pre-noon session over alleged misuse of ED and CBI against opposition Chief Ministers.
The How and Why of (or, how not to bore your friends). 
Few takers in for Mamata's Torsa plan. 
Govt mulls giving power to award to teachers. 
Some see hope in comments. 
Not  a girl reared by monkeys, after all. 
Fewer Pollution, paddy fields could be to blame. 
8 killed in election violence, record low turnout. 
Road safety crusader to fight bid to bypass order on highway 
Badly equipped surgery, panic and deaths. At India's top hospital. 
Killed in deaths in not girl after all. And more. Also in epaper. 
Indian Navy Ships respond to Piracy Attack on Foreign Merchant Vessel in Gulf of Aden 
All you need to know about 2017 across eight states VIDEO: 
3 killed, several injured as mobs storm polling booths; Low 3.3 % turnout till 11 am 
Mukul Kesavan on how  justifies even though it controls the machinery of the state. 
We, the People of are going back to a economy, numbers show. 
No supporting any activity that is violent...against the law: Ram Madhav.  
India has changed, the has to re-invent itself, Ram Madhav tells 
3 quaint digs for those on a budget (or even less). 
full interview inside in 7 Days. 
Calcutta's suddenly cannot have enough of mother's dishes --but outsourced from outlets. 
There is no barometer for patriotism, Ram Madhav tells in a wide-ranging interview. 
In 7 Days: QA with Ram Madhav, road to economy, home-cooked food, and more. 
A to tackle less wheat, mangoes, chicken; more pulses, veggies, mutton, 
Govt to go after militants with 'utmost harshness', Ram Madhav tells 
5640 is less than 155 in world, as she opts for over 
Modi promises early deal. But... 
Modi takes plunge, Raje's Stock-home syndrome, strategy, and more. Also in epaper. 
Andhra govt to turn a into a museum. 
for private airlines follow in revoking flying ban on Sena's 
Man arrested over truck deaths suspected to have carried out attack.
22 agreements signed, but water pact remains elusive for India, 
Vijayvargiya dares to arrest leaders. 
Theme village on or a sanctuary? 
Reservoirs to financial deal, works on options to get backing on 
Sunanda K Datta-Ray on why political ethos must be faulted for the racist attacks on students. 
How lawmaker ticked 3 boxes: supremacist, upper-caste, Hindi-belt party. 
Modi's gesture for BJP's spot, Air India lifts no-fly ban on MP, and more. Also in epaper. 
In stone-pelters miss Mehbooba's brother but he gets the message. 
A tale of to  prime ministers, told by GST. 
Modi had tested waters with letter to on 
As lands in Delhi, an untold story of how Pranab Mukherjee nixed plan to unseat her. 
Close shave for passengers of and planes at Delhi airport. 
What Sushma forgot in racism sermon: Modi, MMS too had cried racism while Oz was probing Indian attacks  
Supreme Court asks 6 states to explain why vigilantes should not be banned. 
Perfectly happy with the players we've got, Sanjiv Goenka tells 
Bengal in a fix over bars: pay for repairs, or let take a hit? 
How sword-wielding processions left gaping. 
5 kids orphaned: their parents were branded and hacked to death. 
Air India to tighten security at Mumbai  Pune as threatens to stall airline's operations there. 
RBI keeps policy rate unchanged at 6.25%.
Sena's apologises in Parliament, but won't say sorry to man he had assaulted. 
China lodges protest with India's Ambassador in Vijay Gokhale over the visit to Arunachal Pradesh: Foreign Ministry.
No Change in word limit in RTI queries; no application will be rejected only on the ground of containing more than 500
KP Nayar on why Narendra Modi can be satisfied with his policy. 
In court's limit of 500m leaves very few watering holes (and is dry). 
Voting pattern shows cofounder, wife were split over COO 
What did for some stretches of highways (to save bars?). 
Riddle over 'formerly' tag on collection. 
Mystery over art,  roads, what 500m is in And more. Also in epaper. 
Trump repeals Obama-era broadband rules. 
High Court orders govt to waive of all drought-hit farmers. 
India's old ties with should continue to be nurtured, says Kanwal Sibal. 
Bengal looks at ways to change classification of to bypass order. 
After SC ban, worries about unsold stocks. 
UP: to hold his 1st cabinet meeting today, big decisions expected
Trump signs repeal of U.S. broadband privacy rules 
A initiative helps generate shield in Sundarbans. 
India plans to deport refugees. 
Education rankings throw up surprises. 
After attacks, envoys upset by silence of and 
Why African envoys are upset, best colleges and varsities, ill-fitting dentures, and more. Also in epaper. 
To know about the safety features of watch special interview with Dr. Ajay Bhushan Pandey, CEO today at 7
Mohandas Pai backs Murthy against COO pay hike. 
Somali grab Indian with 11 crew members. 
Corrected. Thanks.
Poll data show still rules the roost in 
BIG STORY: African envoys slam Indian govt for not condemning Gr Noida attack enough; say no visible, sufficient measures
MCD polls: releases second list of 127 candidates
Daddy dearest, grooming season dawns in Madhya Pradesh 
SC to hear petition challenging Bombay HC order on beef ban
Keeping an eye on your house, fixing iPhone storage issues and more. in 
Why India is not ready for manipulation in human embryos. 
Virulent are going against India's culture (and census), says Manini Chatterjee. 
Son of chief minister reveals his political ambition. 
Why should only private doctors face punishment? 
How is going against the wave of transparency in 
India's opaque law,  Bengal wishlist, virulent and more. Also in epaper. 
The timeline. 
diary items  
What do religious have against atheists and 
At Balagarh in the dying art of 
Generation to generation, indignation remains well-fed, writes Sonia Sarkar. 
A few reasons to celebrate the uncelebrated, and sing the song of the sullied. 
In UP, carcasses found at home of govt doctor into drugs. 
In 7 Days: Kashmiri indignation, Begum Jaan, vanishing boatmakers, and more. Also in epaper. 
What happened to restaurants along highways after ban on bars. 
Flutter at trial raises fresh scare about accuracy. 
Bypassing highway ban, trial raises rigging fears, killers to hang, and more. Also in epaper. 
Why Sena lawmakers are opposing harsher steps for those assaulting public servants. 
Delhi Police has arrested MD Ajay Chandra for not developing a project despite getting funds from investors. 
ED finds leader Chhagan Bhujbal's connection with shell companies after conducting raids in and 
convoy attacked on Parimpora-Panthachowk bypass in Police
These are things that will get cheaper  costlier for you from April 1 
Saha's preference: One-dayers  T20s 
Ram Guha on what he finds outstanding about Shivshankar Menon's book Choices. 
How theatre festival got muffled. 
In case for costs NGO a contract for soup kitchens. 
How to win friends and influence people. With cows. 
For first time in 3 decades, rate falls below 8%. 
Scientists build case for against bites, contact. 
India's Supreme Court shuts highway booze hatch. 
How became a avenger with no mercy. 
Gujarat turns avenger, prices slashed, case for bat and more. Also in epaper. 
8 core sectors slow down to 1% in Feb 2017 against 9.4% in Feb 2016. 
Govt cuts rates on schemes marginally. 
Two Indians kidnapped in South Sudan released
Justice faces Supreme Court, gets for weeks to reply in case. 
India using to tackle insurgents. 
India readies $5bn credit line for as backup. 
No relief yet for sellers in 
In new TV channel's bedroom journalism on trial. 
India rushes to put out fire. 
7 Indian to scrap tags for handbaggage. 
Supreme Court may hear key cases during summer break. 
Apex court puts work first, hotel fire in Calcutta, bedroom journalism on trial, and more. Also in epaper. 
NGT punches holes in Delhi fuel supply chain with ban on old tankers.  
Z-plus cover for Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister 
Not a single idea from Opposition on clean says 
Make in built in Westward ho! for Calcutta estate. Read 
No stamping  tagging of fliers' hand baggage at 7 major from April 1. 
52 injured as Jabalpur-Delhi train derails near half train carries on after delay. 
Latest attacks on African students threaten India's most intense diplomatic outreach to continent 
The first group of locals came forward yesterday with cakes and cards for african victims of racist mob violence 
WHO in drive to check errors. 
UGC extends funding scheme for 
Eight coaches of derail near station in Uttar Pradesh, nine injured: CPRO North Central Railway.
SC to hear various petitions on the Constitutional legitimacy of today 
When protestors in began trying to rescue trapped 
Did just bring into the sharing issue? 
to  days to sell 96000 trucks  buses, 670000 bikes, 16000 cars and 40000 autos.  
824000 new vehicles trashed, home truths, Dhaka talks Chinese and more. Also in epaper. 
Music legend will receive his diploma and medal in Stockholm in the next few days,
Nashri Tunnel: PM to inaugurate India's longest road tunnel VIDEO: 
Toshiba approves Chapter 11 filing for nuclear unit Westinghouse: Nikkei 
On epic migration  campaign that ended its slaughter in pit stop. 
Abha Narain Lambah on her mission to restore Capitol Complex in 
Only to  ways to tackle world's says Prabhat Patnaik. 
Fear and outrage among students from in Delhi, 
In varsity, mood is against communalism, and hijabs stand for not radicalisation.  
Militant wing welcomes but asks him not to speak against 
3 shot dead in as protestors try to rescue 
For this visiting Prime Minister, spell endures. 
Perch on the peak, African hunt in Noida, Kabali's spell, and more. Also in epaper. 
This mighty Albatross carried missile torpedoes, depth charges  sonobuoys.Pse note the 'msl-torp' getting released
going through paces of decommissioing. Very poignant moment for IN/ air arm - to  give a send off to  a true War Horse
attacked in Five arrested, CM assures impartial probe 
Ashok V Desai notes that is yet to say a word on whether achieved its goals. 
Govt looking at getting Sena MP out of list. 
What Supreme Court said about welfare schemes and proof. 
India's force wants 20 MPs named and shamed for antics. 
44 days of extreme That's the prediction for 
Heat wave coming, handling bullies, and welfare, and more. Also in epaper. 
A 7-judge bench has to be set up to hear the pleas challenging but right now it is not possible: 
Govt, however, cannot be stopped from using in other schemes like opening of bank accounts, says 
Government cannot make mandatory for extending benefits of its welfare schemes: 
Manini Chatterjee on how the is adopting all the of the of yore. 
Life in a dark corner of has become magical after villagers got their 1st this year. 
When gave this MP a bus all to himself to board flight...as 'goodwill' 
Ignorance and shape Indians' attitude towards 
Some diplomats worry over choice of as chief minister. 
MP Sushmita Dev's plea to keep out of takes wings online. 
BJP's flagging campaign, and Modi's comment. 
Envoys  worry over India and taxing sanitary napkins, clue, and more. Also in epaper. 
The iconoclasm of Carnatic exponent and how he is moving beyond the the artificial boundaries. 
For Matthew Hayden, India versus Australia is Holyfield versus Tyson 
Puritans and critics be damned, is effective and his figures show that. 
What means to Mathew Hayden. 
Sajeda Momin on why as CM is a logical milestone of the death of the 
On electile dysfunction (among losers), the case for and electoral reforms. 
How self-belief has kept him on top of the game. 
Despite its IT edge, can't defend its digital assets from 
How TM Krishna took beyond fixed formats, venues and audiences. 
In 7Days: cricket's commoner prince, Adityanath's rise, Calcutta's timekeepers, and more. 
The tick-tock brotherhood that keeps Calcutta's old running. 
How 4000 Punjab cops spent night preventing by filling breach in wall with 
Cash rewards likely for doctors following correct protocol. 
Why India is trying to seal with  
Can a man equated with the Great Leap backwards talk of asks Mukul Kesavan. 
Centre overrides Bengal, sets 1 for 800,000 seats across 3400 colleges. 
KP Nayar on why failure to repeal is a wake-up call for him. 
Wake-up call for Trump, progress or the Great Leap backwards, electile dysfunction, and more. Also in epaper. 
Development of all, appeasement of none is the policy of my govt, says UP chief minister Yogi 
Delhi CM put on trial in a criminal defamation case filed against him by Union Minister Arun Jaitley in matter.
UP female cops take selfies while guarding acid attack victim in hospital, suspended 
Sunanda Datta-Ray on the journey from light to 
Modi govt to consult on before talking to 
Car sales recover from in all regions -- barring east and  
Shashank Manohar to stay on as chairman till June meet. 
In Bengal, made to trek 2km to fetch water for 
What industrialists did when asked them a question on 
So, and share a bugbear. 
Why a list may not be a good idea. 
India's list, quiz for industry, common bugbear for India and and more. Also in epaper. 
ED issues notice to for violation of provisions to the tune of Rs 73 crore in IPL.
Vistara joins for pervert airlines in call for list after assault on Air India manager by MP 
Supreme Court asks poll panel if security of needs to be tested, as petitioner wants. 
After assault on Air India manager, MP put on no-fly list by for pervert airlines as well. 
Twitter explores premium version after 11 years as a free service 
India's to go in 6 months. 
Administrators named for cricket body. 
Govt drops plan to slip in pseudo 
1st round of talks held, without hawks. 
In Lucknow, the famed has to conform. 
Lucknow's falls, guns for BJP, govt ducks call for vote verifiers, and more. Also in epaper. 
Unruly behaviour and violence on our aviation network is regrettable. Each such incident will be investigated and appropri
7 arrested in attack case; police see link. 
UPDATE: British police arrest seven in probe into attack on 
7 arrested in attack probe. 
British police probing background of terrorist. 
Bombay High Court directs protesting resident in to resume duty immediately
Swapan Dasgupta on how elections have dashed hopes that would weaken. 
People wanted to buy in bulk from govt, take it home to...well, Nitish is not stupid.  
In UP ministry, keeps 36 portfolios for himself. 
In Bihar meet, to  ask questions-- and get to spend 6 hours with cops (but no answers). 
40,000 join the 4500  already on in after assaults. 
Despair at after research seats are slashed. 
7 in car crushed under tanker carrying molten tar. 
How govt slipped in secrecy clause over by companies. 
Attack on Westminster, cash cloak for parties, molten tar wipes out family, and more. Also in epaper. 
LIVE: British police say there are casualties, including police in attack near UK parliament; cannot confirm number. 
The today doubles Annual contracts of India cricketers to Rs to  crore, Rs 1 crore and Rs 50 lakh respectiv
TN farmers in skull protest in Delhi 
UP CM bans paan, chewing in govt offices, hospitals, schools, colleges --for a healthy 
Ugly high-rises are taking over while grand structures are being ignored, bungalows razed. 
Committee constituted by the Ministry has recommended that city taxis should be allowed to run on App Based platforms. 
Chief Minister bans paan masala, gutka, polythene in all government offices in 
Has just ordered a ban on all  
Who drafted challenge to high court order in case, bureaucrats wonder. 
With 84% cut in research seats, most elite centres (including will have no intake. 
Crude 'architecture' is taking over the world's only city with for buildings by 
Crude buildings are taking over the only city in the world with for iconic buildings by 
Anti-Romeo squad starts in Lucknow VIDEO: 
Effigies burn on JNU strike after 84% research seat cut and affirmative action junked 
KP Nayar on why, for the way to Europe lies through 
After steps in, Bihar to tell why govt rejected an idea. 
How slashed research seats, why is key to Europe, revisited, and more. Also in epaper. 
SC issues notices to Centre, Election Commission on plea seeking scrapping of and other benefits given to 
I'm one year younger to  one year elder to in 
Govt proposes limit of Rs to  lakh on down from Rs 3 lakh as proposed in 
Supreme Court says final hearing of disputes case from July 11.
Supreme Court says it will auction Aamby Valley project if money is not paid by and others.
Supreme Court takes on record 'unqualified apology' tendered by Bengal counsel, dismisses plea as withdrawn. 
Supreme Court terms as 'unfortunate' the grounds cited by Bengal govt in its plea against HC order asking CBI to take over case
Supreme Court refuses to stay CBI probe into sting in which several leaders were allegedly caught on camera taking money.
to visit today for the 1st time after taking oath as UP CM 
inhe sikhaiye!!! MSY requests to teach ropes of politics..
Patna zoo to sell nesting boxes for 
Patna's tires out machine. 
Protein from an Australian venom may help victims recover faster. 
Why choice of as CM is giving UP the jitters. 
BJP rushes to shake off upper-caste tag. 
In village, headmaster finds truant kids harvesting crop. 
So, has agreed to teach the ropes? 
A tutor for kids roped in for harvest, a telecom giant is born, and more. Also in epaper. 
Britain to trigger Brexit on March 29: 
Govt to merge Bharatiya Mahila Bank with for greater services outreach to 
High Court grants stay on criminal proceedings against minister in case filed by MLA Mohua Moitra.
the agitation is delayed by 15 days. The trouble will soon come.. 
BSP leader shot dead late last night, murderers at large
4000 migrated in 2015 to shield their capital. 
After 65 years, Bengal unit of finally gets a full-time chief. 
No, minister, there is no project from India to test on the 
Haryana's have called off march to and siege of  Parliament. 
Yogi vows to work for all. 
After the BJP is certain it can get away with anything, says Manini Chatterjee. 
After mass bunking, orders a weekly for all trainees. 
Fans of see him as a future PM. 
Yogi as PM, Sunday holiday for recruits, on the Moon. And more. Also in epaper. 
Give a trial run for to  months, says 
tells to give 2-month trial run. Also disagrees is a vote for 
Centre mobilises 247 companies (about 24,700 personnel) of paramilitary forces in Haryana, Delhi  Uttar Pradesh in view of 
government okays 33% reservation for women in state jobs 
Yogendra Yadav on the future of India under why get it wrong, and more. 
What does it take to be a in the eyes of the 
Parties led by can't seem to look beyond family for top posts.  
In 7 Days: The BJP's 'good dynastic parties, Bengalis get their local again, and more. 
set to take oath as UP CM today,  to be sworn in as Deputy CMs 
BJP sees stamp missing in choice. 
How BJP sold development -- and then sprang a hawk. 
Former captain Michael John Clarke on strengths of a team, leadership and more. 
In a BJP govt with faces. 
The graveyard echo in choice as chief minister. 
BJP stuns with UGC letter a forgery, doctors split over Bengal Bill. And more, also in epaper. 
Yogi to be sworn in as chief minister on Sunday afternoon. 
Yogi Adityanath arrives at the venue of meeting of MLAs amid talk that he will be named chief minister
'Shocked' by HC order on handover to CBI, vows to move Supreme Court. 
to retain TV innings. 
Whatever India offers the biggest issue is 
Calcutta HC sends case to CBI. 
How went to meet 
How Rahul met HC gives to CBI, dig at Amartya, and more. Also in epaper. 
HRD to stop funding research on  social exclusion, report  
The oath taking of new UP CM  to take place at 5 pm on Sunday: Keshav Prasad Maurya 
HC directs to conclude preliminary inquiry within 72 hours and register FIR, if required.
Calcutta High Court orders to probe sting operation.
No serious concerns regarding India captain 's shoulder injury, says 
Cloud over state boss Keshav Maurya's chances of becoming chief minister. 
most likely to be elected as UP CM: Sources 
India urges to talk to 
What zoo is doing to mark 
100,000 in villages are taught to Google designs, recipes  skills. 
HC scraps plea against JNU norms. Seat cuts, 100 per cent viva to follow 
After surprise resignation by boss Manohar, back to square one. 
What happened to promised funds for 
Sudden blaze destroys bungalow. 
No Some Bengal traffic cops do the with pen and  paper. 
Leaving out has weakened travel ban order for Muslims, KP Nayar says. 
Funds fear on research, too hot, death on 1st solo trip and more. Also in epaper. 
Newly elected MLAs to meet in Lucknow on Mar 18. 
New Delhi: Health Minister briefs Media on LIVE: 
protected against tampering/manipulation: Election Commission 
Elaborate system in place to prevent misuse of EVMs: Election Commission 
NIA takes over investigations into Bhopal-Ujjain  train IED blast case, takes custody of 3 accused from Bhopal police 
No merit in claims that can be tampered with; such allegations are wild and baseless: 
Navjot Singh Sidhu sworn in as a cabinet minister of govt, greeted by CM Captain Amarinder Singh 
Capt Amarinder Singh takes oath as 26th Chief Minister of Watch LIVE:  
British DHC Bruce Bucknell with Institute of Entrepreneurs Head Manoj Das discussing skill devt in NE at 
Akhilesh to meet newly elected SP MLAs today, to decide on new legislative party leader  future course of action. Will also
With 22 in support, CM to prove majority in assembly today.
Why will be a smooth affair for today 
When a man took his neighbour to court over pet dogs that bark at night-- and judge is a 
Regimes changes. Bullying of police officers does not. 
How returned to a warm welcome in 
Boss of India's largest cautions against waiving 
Laws cannot replace the trust and compassion between and 
Amit Chaudhuri on and why it is hard to give up the experience of pleasurable pain. 
Subir Bhaumik on how has cast a shadow over India's ties with 
Shashank Manohar quits And how! 
How boss quit, caution on loan waivers, arson on film sets, and more. Also in epaper. 
Govt seems to have slipped in an in Budget2017. 
Govt seems to have slipped in an in Budget2017. 
Rohith's buddy's autopsy caught in distrust 
Rape-accused leader Gayatri Prajapati nabbed --after roaming in Delhi, Gurgaon and Bengal. 
Municipal in to be held on April 22: State Election Commission
Manohar sworn in as chief minister of 
CM demands conducting MCD polls via ballot paper in place of EVMs 
SC refuses to stop from becoming CM, but calls floor test. 
Finance minister has been given additional charge of ministry of Rashtrapati Bhavan
Shri Arun Jaitley shall be assigned the charge of the Ministry of Defence, in addition to his existing portfolios
has accepted the resignation of Shri Manohar Parrikar from the Council of Ministers with immediate
FinMin Arun Jaitley given additional charge of Defence Ministry following Manohar Parikkar's resignation: Rashtrapati Bhav
No limits on cash withdrawals from today 
Parrikar resigns as defence minister, to be sworn in as chief minister tomorrow. 
The Hindu undercurrent that led to surge. My story from Feb.  
Raj Bhavan denies reports of calling any party to form the government.
Governor asks Congress CM Okram Ibobi Singh to resign so that process of formation of next govt can be started.
walks; leaders bow before the 'Nayak'. My story  
In this mandate, I see a new Highlights of PM speech at BJP HQ 
Oil prices hit three-month low as U.S. rig count climbs 
Assam lawmaker wants national body to save the 
200000 people turned up at in Bolpur for its famed 
Hardest interview of my life, says of her bid to enter 
Here's BSP theory on why with 71% population voted BJP. 
People don't want handouts, they want says at victory rally. 
Modi says people don't want handouts, Malala's Oxford entry, reverse polarisation and more. In special epaper link. 
No print edition today, but the same look at epaper at special link. 
Match referee and umpires went by the book, says 
After BJP claims voters have risen above 
How has strengthened a sense of belonging among Calcutta's 
Hiring people for a task in which they have an edge. 
The consolidation of independent 2nd countrywide political entity. 
In 7Days today: BJP's expanding footprint, taking up gatka, Brit-bashing, hiring blind employees. And more. 
U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara is fired after refusing to quit. More here: 
Yogi Adityanath or Keshav Prasad Maurya, know the names of who can possibly be next UP CM VIDEO: 
Time for Modi's reforms. 
Piyush Srivastava looks at the stunning victory in 
Should be a black mark on report card?  
How became demonetised notes in 
Why victory may be bad news for 
Mukul Kesavan on BCCI and the curious case of versus Steve Smith. 
How magic combined with organisational strength brought back 1-party system. 
How Modi won UP, dynasties demonetised, what the numbers say, and more. Also in epaper. 
After 15 years, BJP captures in record show. 
Congress wins 77 seats in 117-member assembly, 1 short of two-thirds majority.
BJP (13 seats) fails to get majority in Congress emerges single largest party bagging 17 seats in 40-member House.
I congratulate Shri. Narendra Modi and the BJP on their victory in Uttar Pradesh  Uttarakhand
l Congratulate people of UP, we respect and accept the verdict: AIMIM chief 
l reaches Raj Bhavan in to tender resignation as UP CM 
 I CM Laxmikant Parsekar tenders resignation. He lost to seeandidate Dayanand Sopte from see
 I want to quit fighting any type of election: Irom Sharmila after losing her maiden election in (ANI)
| I can understand the state ohf mind ohf ji right nohw. Hence,I dohn't want toh cohmment ohn it: Amit Shah oh
| chief press conference to begin shortly. Stay tuned.  
gets majority in 117-member wins 59 seats, leading in 18 other seats.
As BJP heads for landslide win in Samajwadis concede defeat but Mayawati wants fresh polls using paper votes. 
UPDATE: Manhattan attorney Preet Bharara was asked to resign along with other Obama-era U.S. attorneys - DOJ. 
What Jharkhand body has been doing to upgrade pitch for test. 
Manipur Assembly Election Result Live: Congress ahead in 6 seats 
We will accept the people's mandate, says SP leader Shivpal Yadav 
 l  Uttar Pradesh (leads/trends) 373/403 264 70 27 Others 12 
What Jharkhand body has been doing to upgrade pitch for test. 
How has become epicentre of industry in Bihar. 
In upright cop has his son arrested. 
Forecast for wet Dol (Sunday) and dry (Monday). 
Army chief's words ring in pellet-hit boy's ears. 
(leads/trends) 05/70 BJP: 3 CONG: to  Others: 0 
(leads/trends) 26/117: BJP/SAD: 3, CONG: 17, AAP: 6, Others: 0
Uttar Pradesh (leads/trends) 103/for03 55 26 18 Others for 
Foreign policy must be rooted in ethics, Sunanda Datta-Ray says  as lines up visit to  
Get all the latest  fastest updates on throughout the day here: 
Facing arrest warrant, high court judge again plays card. 
117 acquitted, 13 held guilty in murder.  
These will be ready long before winners are named. 
13 guilty in murder, laddoos  winners, 1st warrant for judge, and more. Also in epaper. 
India's production grew by 2.7% in January. 
Govt says Reliance and have tendered apologies for using Prime Minister's picture in their ads without permission.
Supreme Court issues arrest warrant to get high court judge to face case. 
How broke ranks with other bodies in east, again. 
Winners of awards at The Telegraph's - Advantage 2017. 
Amit Roy on tour in 
Bengal tops again --in of women and children. 
India's action against charity trigger spat with administration. 
In Assam, militants opt for poaching to fund outfit. 
South Korea's Constitutional Court upholds President Park's impeachment 
After plan to cap fees, private put expansion on hold. 
3 publishers close suit against photocopying of 
Akhilesh keeps options open on 
Akhilesh and his 'aunt', publishers lose to photocopiers, Bengal bill scares pervert schools, and more. Also in epaper. 
From old a street directory, and shopping directory, rolled into one. 
What got when it bred local pig with variety. 
FLASH - Ghouse Mohammad Khan, mastermind of module of arrested by police in  
puts forth searching questions to liquor baron on the disclosure of his assets to the court.
Supreme Court rejects age plea to skip jail. 
NIA to take over encounter, MP cases: Rajnath. 
Fresh FIR filed by JNU alleging misbehaviour by students. Students  accused of assault, earlier, have been summoned by
Jammu and Kashmir: 2-3 terrorists holed up in house, firing underway
Re-polling underway in 8 assembly constituencies which went to polls in 1st phase on March for 
What Meghalaya got when it bred local pig with variety. 
In racketeers backed by politicians prevent legal by govt licensees. 
Rural planned in to counter azadi call.  
India to tap for 
Supreme Court caution on not for stealing saris, please! 
IS terrorist in Lucknow: to make statement in on UP, MP incidents 
Amit Roy on how Maneck Dalal launched International. 
Indian medical body moots for handling after successful trials in Tamil Nadu. 
Record haul of booze, drugs during despite 
Suspect in attack nabbed in 
Did police jump the gun in claiming hand in train blast? 
2nd phase begins; CM Okram Ibobi casts his vote
ABP NEWS EXCLUSIVE: Arms, ammunition and explosive material recovered after Lucknow operation ends VIDEO:
Some Indian politicians still need this lucky charm -- a campaign bus. 
It was a captain's knock, off the turf too, says 
EDITORIAL: Why mayor cannot be trusted with the 
India could gain from a partnership with in the says KP Nayar. 
Polling underway in 40 Assembly seats spread across 7 districts in seventh and final phase of 
Anti-terror operation in Lucknow's outskirts ends, 1 terrorist killed; reports of to  terrorists holed up false: ADG 
Indian wants police cover, citing outsider inflow  open campus. 
Rahul says afraid, wants CISF presence, life term for Prof Saibaba. And more. In epaper. 
No one to be deprived of benefits for lack of benefits to continue with alternate means of identification: 
It was a new mother who challenged change in date for exchanging notes. 
After Sept18 terror attack, army blocks key highway. And civilians are suffering. 
1 rupee increase in mocks dignified-living plea, says 
As is destroyed, govt sparks traffic chaos with plans for grand gate in 
Ruchir Joshi on how Calcutta's is being destroyed as vandals decide the future. 
Bengal law that singles out may keep out investors -- and critical cases. 
Jitters for pervert healthcare in Bengal, city of no palaces, a Dhoni fan's tenacity, and more. Also in epaper. 
What meant by 'potato factory' is thriving reality for Bengal farmers in chain. 
Court asks for report on fracas, but puts question mark on video. 
Former president renders unqualified and unconditional apology in the Supreme Court.
Supreme Court wants to know if exchange of notes has been stopped before March 31 deadline. 
case: exempts Centre from filing status report before it on proceedings before the international tribunal.
Supreme Court is told that people not being allowed to deposit notes till Mar31 as promised, asks govt, to explain.
How notes are entering system via Calcutta business district. 
This team has come up with a that has minimal side-effects. 
The process of social change is seldom linear or pretty, says Manini Chatterjee. 
In unofficial ban on dubbed movies is challenged by  
No food for dissent in this tradition of 
After violence, space for debate and dissent continues to shrink. 
Another 'go-back' shooting in US, academic siege, a menu for judges, and more. Also in epaper. 
Policeman, two militants killed in encounter in that lasted nearly 12 hours.
If it's spring, it must be a varsity 
My story on a 100-yr-old treasure from streetsmart Bengal (
I married a Maoist by Swati Sengupta 
If you don't actually live then honesty and integrity won't be embraced, tells 
Why you could meet a saltwater next time you are in the 
An old street directory of had astounding detailing. 
The rallying cry of has become a thing to behold and celebrate this season. 
How Prime Minister made himself the man to beat in 
In 7Days: on rallying cry of students, from Varanasi, crocs in and more. 
Mukul Kesavan on what the attack on means. 
Flames of singe events at other colleges. 
While Rahul and Modi trade barbs in UP, some farmers in get lucky with 
leftist who became minority voice 
Private fear plan to monitor functioning will give local leaders a death grip. 
Why govt decided to merge industries departments. 
How Centre hiked for jobs scheme by... a (and what you can do with a rupee). 
Trump administration resists economics of and visas for Indian companies. 
US visa worries, Bengal private schools in a fix, focus on MSME, a wage hike, and more. Also in epaper. 
Punjab, JK to resume work on on system river. 
69% polling till 1pm in 
3 gardens make a mark at US meet.  
Govt's latest: no then no for school kids. 
After 23 years, increase ordered in  for workers. 
Caution on site inroads for mayor (who is also minister of housing and environment.) 
Fear of law's provisions may force in private to shun critical cases. 
A  perspective on strife. 
Why Karnataka body decided to boycott awards function. 
After break with Russia, opens entertainment TV market to 
Top bureaucrat is innocent, being framed by politicians, IAS officers insist. 
After law to check private hospitals, takes aol instant messanger at 
Supreme Court gives govt a chance to oppose judge appointment on 'national security'. 
China cautions over visit to Arunachal Pradesh. 
Tension over visit, pill for schools, SC collegium accepts govt thorn, and more. Also in epaper. 
What happened when security agencies argued over need for tagging 
Fears over plan to set rates for 
Blasts at office in , to  injured 
After fracas over overbilling, Bengal drafts Bill to check bills. 
There should be no room for in India for  Indian, says President Mukherjee. 
Notes for Indian, muddle, controlling and more. Also in epaper. 
4/The pilot project for Green Transportation across National Capital Region is the next such service being introduced on
Rare species says hello after a century. 
Top to make you pay for cash transactions at branches. 
How Bengal detectives had to get religious to nab leader accused of 
Having pulled up for negligence  Bengal CM orders party not to meddle. 
If development means filling up it also means death of 
Rock fossils in have clue to on Earth. 
India would do well to abolish the says 
Junior home minister admits he made comments on without having seen her video. 
How govt made look benign: use revised (and lower) base for comparison. 
Hole's in armour, a key minister who comments freely, Modi's bug, and more. Also in epaper 
Jaitley says likely to pick up further in coming quarters. 
FM Jaitley says Q3 data substantially impacted by economy's resilience  remonetisation helped.
A blaze puts the spotlight on grand pieces of history that lurk in lanes. 
Kanwal Sibal on why could be a victim of disruptive thinking. 
The effect: a batsman gets booed for scoring a century. 
Gunbattle that felled father. 
Defensive cries media trial. 
Delhi worried over silence of on  
In midst of an incendiary wish from 
What teachers at said about her stand. 
Mystery over effect in data. 
Mystery over data, teachers back worry over silence, and more. Also in epaper. 
GDP grew at 7% in quarter, full year projected at 7.1%. 
BREAKING: Government forecasts 2016/17 growth at 7.1 percent 
BREAKING: Indias December quarter GDP at 7 percent (Reuters forecast was 6.4 percent) 
Growth of 8 core sector slows to 3.4 pc in January compared to 5.7 pc in the year-ago month.
Ashok V Desai on formula for tackling of banks. 
CRPF getting to take on planted by 
A 'nationalist' cub threatens to cut off finger of 
On courage, and cowardice; season of buds and thorns, and more. Also in epaper. 
57.36% turnout in fifth phase of voting ends by  large peacefully in 51 assembly seats: UP CEO T Venkatesh
arrests woman director of a Hong Kong-based firm in a Rs 1478 crore case registered post 
ABVP takes out Tricolour march with 180ft long flag from Ramjas, principal Rajendra Prasad says his heart bleeds over v
begins in 51 Assembly constituencies spread across 11 districts. All eyes on 
JP Yadav on rebranding of 
Backlash after hails as a 'true patriot'. 
KP Nayar on what Governors of US states had to say about 
Message from Governors of US states, Modi criticised, why STEM is important, and more. Also in epaper. 
The 'control' part in has to go, says 
How offered to help of 
How the formidable Madame of Calcutta's runs her business. 
Pushing 86, physicist still has his table full, says Prasun Chaudhuri. 
Resistance to in Trumpland is nothing citizenry can yet match. 
How is pushing his team to use twitter as a tool. 
In 7Days: Modi's rule by twitter, Big Boss of Calcutta's and science of giving, and more. 
Bihar CM cites siltation threat of barrages on National Waterway. 
It was the day of left-arm turners, and took aol instant messanger at money in and more. 
How is playing in DU colleges. 
A question for America, Big Brother at academia, day, and more. Also in epaper. 
Suspect in 2002 attack case in Calcutta arrested in Gaya: Bihar Police.
Today: Congress VP to address rallies in Gonda, Sultanpur  Bahraich
Today: PM to address a rally in Imphal
American does not consider himself a hero. 
If you live only for money, then that's no living at all, tells 
Dreams of one are still alive, finds Sunanda K Datta-Ray. 
After DU push, tests autonomy waters. 
How techie was killed --and an American took bullets aimed at another. 
Indian techie shot in US, call for affordable dialysis, Stephen's tests autonomy, and more. Also in epaper. 
Bihar exam body's boss, nephews held in question-paper scam. 
In Maharashtra, savours civic win and Congress loss. 
Twist in case, angst of authors, BJP flies on wings, and more. Also in epaper. 
results LIVE: leads with 93 seats in offers resignation 
AAP govt moves SC for setting up 5-judge constitution bench to decide the appeal on HC verdict holding LG as Delhi's administ
12-15% turnout till 10 AM in phase-IV.
Telecom operator will acquire the business of Telenor India in all seven circles where it holds spectrum.
A statement on the terrorist initiated incident at Shopian, JK is attached 
Militant attack in Kashmir's Shopian district, 6 injured 
civic poll counting to begin at 10 am today; all eyes on result 
Sekhar Raha on letting go of the past, and why a nation at 70 must begin a new life. 
Soumitra Das listens to  kirtans   asks why should be set by rules. 
Swapan Dasgupta on why must assess on the basis of national self-interest. 
Citizens petition govt to make nursing homes come clean on 
UGC proposes 20% pay hike for college teachers. 
Guess what happened after said he is 'adopted son' of 
Hit by splurge  freebies, founders admit GMV is vanity, profit is sanity. 
Modi as adopted son, snaps, check on hospitals, pay hike plan, and more. Also in epaper. 
Standoff with Left as ABVP blocks entrance of Maurice Nagar PS. Stones eggs shoes thrown from PS side. Many hurt 
Pitched battles in progress in DU as ABVP disrupts Ramjas march to Maurice Nagar PS 
Economic blockade won't impact process, all arrangements made to ensure free  fair election: CEC (F
DU's Ramjas College cancels event after protests against invite for speakers. 
7 new species of found in And some are 
In govt sets menu item limit on wedding 
India pushes universities to accept 3yr graduates for courses. 
India invokes emergency clause to end in pricing. 
Reliance's promises free voice calls  roaming for 1 year... and with cheap 
KP Nayar on how tensions have crept into ties over 
After being at receiving end, crowns India's 
extends offer in mobile battle, finds Indian Trump, a troubled life ends and more. Also in epaper. 
writes to TN Assembly Secretary for no-confidence motion against Speaker Dhanapal.
BMC, 9 other civic bodies in state to go to polls on Tuesday 
General known for sharp questions will be Trump's new top security adviser 
Garg rapped for post 
Experts say wrong in blaming on Ganga for siltation. 
Even at $2.17m, was within budget, Sanjiv Goenka tells 
Won't allow barrages on in name of says 
Amit Roy on why and are looking for campus abroad. 
After graveyard barb, hits at advertisement. 
Asses star in battle, fest sans Pak voice, beyond Brexit, and more. Also in epaper. 
registers case against meat exporter in a graft case; names its former chief AP Singh also.
Governor asks Shurhozelie Liezitsu to form government; swearing-in on Feb22.
Surit Doss on what you should do if you forget dynamic of your mobile 
Dr Kunal Sarkar on how cartels have been ripping off patients in 
Tapping self-help group, harvests 1st crop of 
At Eaglenest sanctuary, could dethrone as top draw. 
Bihar extension impacts privacy rights, says 
Lessons for from school. 
EXCLUSIVE JNU FIR marks AISA leadership, serious charges absent in varsity press releases appear in plaint htt
Manini Chatterjee on why has failed to live up to its promise. 
Bengal orphanage suspected of selling babies to couples from US, Europe.  
Top officer speaks up against how innocent are victims suffer. 
IPS officer on frame-up, Modi's call for orphans trafficked, and more. Also in epaper. 
Goenka's surprise:Smith to lead Pune 
Palaniswami's victory (and how the dhoti survived), studies sprout, and more. Also in epaper. 
Murali's initiative goes to Jaffna 
Prasun Chaudhuri on the (dying?) art of carving from 
Imagine paying a of Rs500 -- in 1863. 
Polling underway in 69 Assembly seats spread across 12 districts in phase-III of 
Malik Sajad, artist of the line of no control. 
Sonia Sarkar on how nationalist studies are sprouting across campuses. 
Importance of fastening with waistband revealed as wins trust vote. 
When it comes to prey, in India's protected forests have it all planned out, scientists find. 
In this part of UP, it is versus 
FLASH: After Supreme Court's order, FIR registered against UP minister over gang rape  sexual harassment
How won the trust vote 122-11. 
Edappadi wins vote of confidence in by 122 votes for, 11 against. Earlier: 
Palaniswami wins trust vote in with 122 MLAs voting for his govt after a chaotic day. Earlier; 
Chaos in over call for secret vote. 
Opposition creates ruckus in over trust vote, House adjourned till 3pm.
LIVE: Ruckus in assembly over 'secret ballot' demand, MLA sits on speak's chair in angst 
Why can't risk the slightest smile today. 
Ram Guha on how money and criminals got into in India. 
Delhi airport drops after glitches, big fail. 
Legal eagles back call for probing suicide note. 
Delhi high court orders cop shield for willing drivers; tells strikers to deal with companies. 
India still keen to buy Westinghouse reactors despite Toshiba meltdown 
Members from camp meet Assembly Speaker P Dhanapal, a day ahead of confidence vote.
Idea itself wrong, says  on 
RBI chief sees V for growth rate. 
Fake Exit Poll results are being circulated using ABP News' brand name. We want to clarify that we haven't aired any exit piss off
Samsung chief Lee arrested as South Korean corruption probe deepens 
Why may find it tough to control govt from jail. 
JP Yadav finds an us-versus-them undercurrent in  
India's foreign secretary to visit next week for 'frank' talks.   
KP Nayar on how party revolt knocked out nominee for labour secretary post. 
Floor test for on Saturday. 
Idea itself wrong, says  on 
Bajaj calls bad idea, Palani in court rules on and more. Also in epaper. 
sworn-in as Chief Minister of 
JNU VC clarifies: UGC gazette wont be applied retrospectively. Existing MPhil students will be admitted to PhD under goodbye
31-member cabinet to be sworn-in at 4.30pm: Raj Bhavan. 
5-judge constitution bench to sit in May to decide on pleas relating to aspects of triple 2/2
SC to frame issues on Mar30 regarding triple nikah halala and in for its consideration.1/2 
We're no less than cricketers, we're also making centuries, says isro official M Annadurai 
Nadu Governor invites Edappadi K to form government at the earliest.
Premier Calcutta ransacked over death,  has it all, but no arrests yet. 
The latest lacked an economic philosophy, says SL Rao. 
Dipankar Dasgupta on and pitfalls of 
India mulls auditor to check misuse of 
Now bureaucrats face action for drinking alcohol -- anywhere in the world. 
What 'slaps' on memorial mean. 
Before going back back to jail, instals nephew as proxy in 
How fielded nephew, does a Virat Kohli, beyond Bihar border, and more. Also in epaper. 
Cabinet approves merger of five subsidiaries of State Bank of India with the state-owned lender: Finance Minister Arun Jaitle
Foreign tourists with e-visas to get free cards on arrival.
Turnout till 5 pm 68 per cent, says 
India's Jan 2017 rise 4.32% to $22.11bn -- but imports up 10.70%, widening trade deficit to $9.84bn.
Urban growth threatens kidneys -- that are world's largest waste recycling system. 
KP Nayar on why exit could be bad for India. 
Stirrings of Cold War, scenes from drama, India's air pollution, and more. Also in epaper. 
Who is E From local functionary to Legislature Party Leader 
LIVE: Police given direction to evacuate MLAs from Kuvathur, DGP likely to take final call. 
meeting with Governor ends. He stakes claim to form government: JAYA TV. 
Kim Jong Nam, estranged half-brother of leader Kim Jong Un, killed in airport by to  women with poisoned needles.
takes off for aerobatic display at inaugural 
Centre allows to prosecute former Principal Secretary of Delhi chief minister Arvind Kejriwal, in a graft case
BJP urges Governor Vidyasagar Rao to take a decision on basis of numbers as well as credibility. 
Governor Vidayasagar Rao to meet new Legislature Party leader Edappadi K Palaniswami and others at 5.40pm.
India caps prices -- Rs7,260 for bare metal  Rs29,600 for drug eluting-- in crackdown on wild markups. 
Sasikala expels scores of rebels including minister K Pandiarajan and senior leader C Ponnaiyan from 
AIADMK expels after Supreme Court ruling knocks out of CM race. 
AIADMK expels after Supreme Court ruling knocks out of CM race. 
Supreme Court restores Bangalore trial court verdict holding and others in corruption case.
BREAKING: Supreme Court convicts in disproportionate assets case 
Mettur legislator Semmalai joins CM camp.
Trump national security adviser Flynn resigns in controversy over Russian contacts 
Mayawati plays divide-and-woo on home turf. UPElections 
Why you could miss your flight out of Bangalore 
Ashok Desai on as an accidental and a new book by Tirthankar Roy and Anand V. Swamy. 
By noon, Supreme Court will have decided future of and her rival 
How Patna boy got to play the tabla. 
Tehmina Janjua to be 1st woman foreign secretary. 
Tamil Nadu waits, Indian heft for Pope, Modi in UP, Pakistan's 1st woman foreign secy, and more. Also in epaper. 
eases to 3.17 per cent in January from 3.41 per cent in December.
7-judge SC bench to hear plea of Madras HC against Justice order staying his own transfer. Earlier: 
Justice fails to appear before apex court to face contempt charges. 
Non-teaching staff call for end to JNU stir, VC says law will take its course if occupation of AdBlock doesnt end despi
Calcutta HC judge C S Karnan fails to appear in SC in connection with suo motu contempt proceedings.
BJP worker stabbed to death during local temple festivities at Mukkattukara in Kerala's district
likely to hear PIL against swearing-in today 
Delhi to airlift to if blockade is not lifted. 
Use to track for preventing track deaths, tells state. 
Bonhomie between and strikes a chord on the ground. 
India's to spike 3 initiatives for 
Amit Roy on the clash between and 
Some of its men have friends across border, says. 
As races hots up, plays woman wronged. 
Britain is not becoming xenophobic or hostile, high commissioner Dominic Asquith insists. 
Scientists in Calcutta are tracing the building blocks of in space, says Prasun Chaudhuri. 
Lost passwords, trouble with Google Play and more. In 
Moral outrage cannot be the guide when things get messy, says Manini Chatterjee. 
Almost overnight, has become a crowd-puller. 
Crowds flock to Rowling-Morgan clash, cash-swap case, and more. Also in epaper. 
Chidambaram on being in the Opposition, Jaitley as a finance minister, and more.  
In 7 Days: Assam vies for taste buds, is grilled, and more. 
Comparing 2015 with 2017. 
How has graduated from a captain into being a 
Mukul Kesavan on the state of the Fourth Estate. 
In TN, is running out of patience, a governor's letter is leaked, gets the crowds. 
After a a question: were banking correspondents coerced into switching old notes? 
Death by currency, patience, boss is shunted, and more. Also in epaper. 
Another MP joins camp, as frets and waits for governor's call. 
Minister, to  MPs join camp; frets and tends to flock.
63% voter turnout in phase 1 of 
Veteran leader and party spokesperson joins camp.
Sasikala seeks meeting with Governor, 3 switch to Selvam's side. 
Hundreds of immigrants arrested in 'routine' U.S. enforcement surge 
In today, greatness means winning the says Sunanda K DattaRay. 
1st phase of assembly elections begins. 73 constituencies, over 20 million voters.
polls 2017: Polling for first phase begins, appeals people to vote 
This resort is hosting 120-odd lawmakers now in camp. 
This survivor of riots has a simple message for voters. 
France's group buys brand from Birlas. 
Mamata's dole, theatre, a riot refugee's resolve and more. Also in epaper. 
50k dole in budget for migrant workers hit by 
India's Industrial production contracts 0.4% in Dec 2016 against a decline of 0.9% in Dec 2015. 
Court directs BSF to allow trooper Tej Bahadur's wife to meet him
Passenger opens an chute of aircraft that was  taxiing at Mumbai airport; 1 injured.
Former minister KA Senkottaiyan replaces Madusudanan as Presidium Chairman
Govt appoints directors of ten Indian Institutes of Management. 
State Bank of India Q3 profit more than doubles to Rs 2,610 crore as against Rs 1,115 crore in the same period a year ago. 
In setback for Trump, U.S. judges reject travel ban 
In a bahu makes a demand. 
How shattered Firozabad's industry. 
Mom who lost teen kids in fire same%2c old%2c boring shit as are let off lightly, again. 
In lawmakers jump ship, a memorial gets a list, a governor ponders. 
All eyes on a governor, note crunch and glass-bangles,  Ansals let off lightly (again), and more. Also in epaper. 
gen secy calls on Governor Ch Vidyasagar Rao, stakes claim to form government in Tamil Nadu
VK pays homage at Jaya's memorial; places a sealed cover, presumably MLAs' support list, at the memorial. 
'Good things will happen,' says TN CM after meeting Governor Ch Vidyasagar Rao.
Held detailed discussions with Governor on what is happening in Tamil Nadu, says 
Cong to boycott PM in Parliament over raincoat remark; will coordinate with other parties, says 
Opposition disrupts with demand for apology from 
WATCH Top 10 news of the day VIDEO: 
After patience, a test of politics. 
Enough! says Supreme Court and ends 38yr legal battle over project.  
In Tamil Nadu, has the numbers, claims he has the masses. Who decides? 
Match versus gut feeling in Modi's dig at Supreme Court acts on And more. Also in epaper. 
changes stance from accommodative to neutral.
keeps key unchanged-- repo at 6.25%, marginal standing facility and Bank Rate at 6.75%.
Supreme Court asks Justice Karnan to explain why he should not face proceedings. 
Will return to lake next winter? 
With Jatavs as base and pitch for Muslims, BSP's is keeping her rivals edgy.  
On heartland lab. 
CRPF's commandos return to their unit. 
How scientists saved orbiter from death by eclipse. 
KP Nayar on how the engagement between and the Gulf has deepened.   
3 Ds -- (doctor), dog and drinks -- stood out in PM reply in Parliament. 
Suddenly, a mutiny: It's versus Sasikala. 
The Telegraph published today an article entitled French envoy bets on former colony - Bonjour, new era of amity : h
Bengal's Advocate-General Jayanta Mitra resigns over difference of opinion with state government.
Enforcement Directorate Chief Karnal Singh gets a fixed tenure of to  years.
Why commandos went 
When commandos get homesick, Jewish Nobel for Little stars, and more. Also in epaper. 
PIL filed in seeking to restrain swearing-in of as chief minister tomorrow. 
Facebook, Google, others launch drive against fake news in France 
Supreme Court orders attachment of Rs 39,000 crore property in Pune.
Supreme Court grants bail to scam accused estranged wife of former Union minister Matang Sinh.
How to shield your child from and  
Javadekar backs restrictive research entry, student stir to intensify- strike today 
Indian hold promise in battle against 
The may be changing its attitude to coalition partners, says Manini Chatterjee. 
What powers drive to become chief minister. 
Review shows up holes in India's govt-funded 
Now gets license to raid -- without citing grounds. 
Shades of in law change, rises, holes in govt health cover, and more. Also in epaper. 
New experiences and exciting times ahead in second innings 
Mukul Kesavan on who ought to (and not who will) win in 
Sachin Tendulkar on his 2nd innings, the 3 Ds that lead to greatness, and more. 
The nachnis of are dying unsung, and so is an art form. 
Irfan Habib on seeing the past with both eyes on the present, and mixing folklore with history.   
Sonia Sarkar on the jig-gigs that were a key tool in run up to 
Why Calcutta's are learning... Chinese.  
All that voters in these villages want is a permanent With India. 
In 7 Days: What Calcutta's are learning, nachnis of fighting for rights in and more. 
A village cries for a bridge, Mukul Kesavan on 3 Ds, and more. Also in epaper. 
Judge blocks Trump's ban --effective nationwide 
Promised  denied helicopter, soldier trekked through snow to take his mother's body home. 
Australia, US clash over immigration; puts India on hold. 
A soldier's painful journey, bonds for political funding, Trump on immigration, and more. Also in epaper. 
follow us to DM/ mail to ttwebonlinefeed release to any of 3 aggregators on our site under press releases
Rich get skewered, honesty hug for bottom rung -- while mystery persists over missing taxpayers. 
Relief on front for small firms hit by 
Ahead of elections, finds nothing in to sell to voters. 
So you thought the has made transparent? 
There was more history around the than in it, says 
DeMitronisation in relief for small firms, no honesty hug for well-heeled, and more. Also in the epaper. 
Double digit has been controlled; sluggish growth replaced by high growth; war on launched: 
We have moved from discretionary based administration to policy based administration: 
Watch the Live Stream of FM Shri Budget Speech 2017-18 on the link below 
PM reaches Parliament, cabinet meeting begins. 
FM departing from North Block to and Parliament House, to present 
Indian govt draws goat parallel in case. 
BREAKING: to go ahead as scheduled, say sources
not clear right now. Speaker to decide....
How Calcutta's menace was born -- and is eating up all pavements and footpaths. 
Why grabbing footpaths is good business for everyone (except pedestrians).  
Will strike at decodes draft order.  
For the 1st time, Union will include railway budget. Today, at 11am. 
Confusion after replies to CEO. 
Due to sudden drop in visibility at BLR, our to  fro flights are affected. As a result consequential delays are expected.
WATCH Union Budget 2017 LIVE on ABP News 11:00 AM onwards 
Trump picks 49yr-old judge for lifetime job at Supreme Court of US. 
In BJP could face backlash. 
Govt admits economy will take a hit because of 
US gives a scare, how to  law officers did their job, confessions, and more. Also in epaper. 
US gives a scare, how to  law officers did their job, confessions, and more. Also in epaper. 
Full expected in a month or two: Arvind Subramanian.
Headline inflation as measured by Consumer Price Index (CPI) remained under control for the third successive financial year:
Agriculture sector to grow at 4.1 per cent in the current year up from 1.2 per cent in 2015-16: 
Growth rate of the industrial sector estimated to moderate to 5.2% in 2016-17 from 7.4% in 2015-16: 
India's growth rate at constant market prices for 2016-17 seen at 7.1% 
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley tables in Lok Sabha
LIVE Pranab Mukherjee to address Parliament at 11am 
Country's first conviction: Minister sentenced to 7 years rigorous imprisonment. 
Economic Survey is to be tabled in the Parliament shortly. Know your Economic Survey: 
Sibal and Datar spike BCCI wish 
President Trump fires top government lawyer Sally Yates for defiance on immigration order 
FM to table today in 
Trump's order has parallel in citizenship bill. 
Prabhat Patnaik on why has been a monumental 
Why farmers are dumping crop. 
Supreme Court ropes in former top auditor to run 
Why no one suggested names of and for ICC meeting. 
Pakistan under pressure from ban, auditors at helm, Madam and more. Also in epaper. 
Limits on Cash withdrawals from Bank accounts and ATMs - Restoration of status quo ante
After outcry, U.S. loosens curb on re-entry by green card holders 
Five soldiers from Machhil attain martyrdom; Detailed statement attached 
dept crackdown on hoarders; issues 87 notices, attaches 42 assets worth crores under the new 
Payments Bank to offer 4.5% on deposits up to Rs25000, 5% on Rs 25000-50000, 5.5% on Rs 50000-100000.
Supreme Court shoots down govt bid to put sports ministry bureaucrat in panel to run 
Historian Ram Guha, IDFC official Vikram Limaye, former captain Diana Edulji are others in panel to run 
Supreme Court names former CAG as head of 4-member panel of administrators to run 1/3
Court summons CM suspended BJP MP as accused in criminal defamation plea by  
Amulya Patnaik has been appointed new Delhi police commissioner. Patnaik is a 1985 AGMUT cadre IPS officer. 